Title: I Watched My Friend Die Yesterday. This Morning, He Was Sitting on His Bed.

James sat on his bed this morning. The thing is, he shouldn’t have been awake again. I watched him die yesterday. 

On our expedition, he fell into a river and was carried away by the current. 

He tried to grab onto the surrounding rocks, but soon his body disappeared into the waterfall.

The river was known for accidents. The locals said it had evil powers.

I sat on the bank crying profusely. 

I decided to contact the central station tomorrow. That night, I didn’t have it in me to tell anyone that my close friend was deceased.

The morning after, the sunbeams woke me up before my alarm rang. I sat up on my bed, my eyes were still puffed up from crying. When I finally managed to open them, I screamed out and fell off my bed.

On the other bed sat James; he was still wet, his skin pale, almost bluish, his lips devoid of color, the whites of his eyes turning green, and his eyes set deep into his head.

He sat there staring at me for a few seconds.

“Hey Mark,” James' voice sounded damp and rusty.

“Ja…James…”

“But, you…the river”

“I also don’t know how. I woke up at the bank, still wet. My head throbbing, my body weak, but I managed to walk back.”

“But your skin, your lips.”

“Yeah, that’s not the weirdest. Come here.”

I stood up and stared at him.

“Mark, you’re overthinking.”

“I saw the river carry you away yesterday.”

He sighed and touched his wrist, “I have no pulse.”

My eyes widened, and my mouth hung open.

I came closer to him. His skin was even paler than I thought at first. He smelled of wet mud.

 I touched his hand. There really was no pulse.

“See what I mean?”

“Jesus, James.”

I quickly rushed to the medical cabinet and pulled out a blood pressure monitor.

The blood pressure cuff tightened around his arm and then slowly deflated.

No reading.

“James, we need to contact the station.”

James got up and grabbed my hand. It was cold and damp.

“Mark, wait, wait. We….we don’t know what they’ll say.”

“What?”

“What if….what if they decide to leave me here, or worse….do stuff to me.”

“James, don’t worry, we’re renowned academics; the institutions wouldn’t let anything happen to you.”

He still had a look of concern.

“Okay, James, I’ll be vague, and you can tell them the details later.”

He nodded.

I walked to the other room and picked up the satellite phone.

“Dispatch, this is the senior researcher. My research partner fell into the river yesterday. He managed to survive, but I request immediate medical help.”

“This is dispatch. We are sending a boat immediately. What is your partner’s state?”

“He is conscious and communicating. No major injuries.”

“And you said he got carried by the river?”

“Yes”

Rattling. I could hear the headset being put down and quiet voices talking.

“Field station, what is the color of your partner’s sclerae?”

“What….?”

“This is important. Please answer the question.”

“Um….they’re a sort of greenish-like color.”

A second of silence.

“Help is on the way. We are unable to provide additional information. Be wary of any dangerous behavior from your research partner.”

Then static.

“Dispatch, dispatch?!”

Nothing.

I lowered the phone and stood up. My head was spinning, and my hands began shaking.

I looked into the other room, and James was still sitting on the bed.

In the cabinet, I only found a flare gun. I quickly put it behind my belt.

Hopefully, I wouldn’t have to use it.

When I came back to the room, James looked up. His sclerae were turning greener.

“What did they say, Mark?”

“Oh, er….they are sending a boat immediately to come and pick us up.”

“Okay, did they say anything about me?”

“No, no, don’t worry about it.”

“I’m exhausted. I might go and sleep for a while.”

“Sure, they will arrive in like 5 hours. I’ll wake you before that.”

James didn’t even answer. His body slowly fell onto the bed. Mud started leaking out of his mouth.

I sat on the foot of my bed, staring at him.

My heart was beating fast. I didn’t even notice that a few hours had already passed.

I tried to wake him up, but he wouldn’t at first.

Then his eyes shot open. They were completely green and shining bright. 

He quickly sat up and said something I couldn’t understand.

Then he let out a roar and grabbed hold of me.

“James, what are you doing?!”

He pushed me to the ground and grabbed my neck. 

His hands were still cold, and the squeeze was tight.

Mud from his mouth was falling onto my face.

My consciousness was slipping, but I managed to pull out my flare gun. 

The room was coloured in bright red as I shot it into his stomach. 

The bang was so loud it made my ears ring.

He let out a scream of pain and stumbled a few feet back. Muddy water mixed with blood oozed out of his wound.

I bolted for the door, running through the jungle.

Adrenaline flooded my body.

Vines were smacking my face.

Then the boat. 

I jumped into the river and waded towards it.

But James’ roars were getting closer.

I looked back. 

He was already in the river.

One of the people in the boat got up and shot him in the head.

His body slouched down and began drifting on the stream.

Back at the station, I was interrogated about what happened that day, but whenever I tried to ask for an explanation, they told me to shut up.

“You'd better not speak of this to anyone if you want to keep your academic career.”

“No one would even believe him,” the other agent said, laughing.

“If anyone asks about your research partner, he died in the river, as you saw.”

I’m sitting in the airport waiting for my flight.

I just went to the bathroom. My sclerae are starting to turn green, too.

The bathroom light made them look greener, like water from a river.
Title: If you're going to eat lunch in your car, be careful where you park

I started a new job a couple months ago as a warehouse associate for a pretty large shipping company here in Arkansas. I got certified to drive a forklift, load trucks, and move pallets back and forth. It’s a pretty easy gig and the pay’s more than I’ve ever made before. I’d say things were looking up but I’ve been having some trouble fitting in with my new coworkers. I’m not the most outgoing or confident dude in the world. In fact, making myself into one of the guys has been pretty damn near impossible for me all my life. 

With every new job, you wander into a pre-determined work culture with cliques, social hierarchies, and a whole history that you’re not a part of and try to glom onto it. Maybe one day you do. With this job, it was worse than that. These fellas were mostly 20-40 years older than me. They’re the stereotypical gruff, shit kicking, beer swilling sort. They take their coffee black, their Marlboro’s red and their jokes off-color (to put it gently). They wake up at the ass crack of dawn and it sure as hell ain’t to make friends with the 20 year old newbie that wears pokemon and demon slayer tees to work. They just weren’t the sort of work friends I felt like I wanted or needed and the feeling was mutual.

Suffice to say, the first few weeks had me feeling pretty much like an outcast at work. I told myself it was better that way rather than trying to force myself to conform to their whole built Ford tough vibe. But after a while, I’d gone from feeling okay as an outcast to feeling more like the invisible man. I hate to say it but it was getting to me. 

It’s not so much that I wanted these old shitbirds to like me. I didn’t. It was more that I was beginning to feel dissociative from the sheer lack of human interaction. Like I was on autopilot, watching myself go about my day from the 3rd person perspective. Working 10 to 12 hour shifts without so much as hearing your own voice can really affect a person. 

To make it worse, headphones and earbuds were strictly not permitted, especially for those of us behind the wheel of the forklift. I began to look forward to my lunch break as the only part of my day where I could enjoy myself or anything at all. It was the only time where I wasn’t just this background actor in my own life. I cherished it.

Instead of sitting in the cramped cafeteria or at the old table on the shop floor where the lifers took their lunch, I’d always jump in my car and take off. Sometimes, I’d stop off for a soda or a taco. But most of the time, I’d just find a place to park up on the street a few roads over from the warehouse. I’d made it a habit lately to park in this shady secluded little area with a dead end where I’d watch some youtube videos, scroll, and just decompress a bit. It was peaceful until the day she showed up.

I was relaxing and watching a stream when I thought I heard footsteps on gravel. It’s a busy industrial park with people and vehicles coming all the time. I glanced around and didn’t see any security guards looking to ask me to move my car or anything so I went back to my phone. I honestly thought nothing of it. 

All of a sudden, I was shocked out of my comfort by a hammering thud at my window. I spun to look and saw this old lady with thin grey hair in a black dress. She was smacking my driver’s side window with her geriatric palm over and over. She had a look in her eye like she wanted to set me on fire.

“I FUCKING TOLD YOU TO STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM ME!!!!”

She stared into the window, her long nose pressed hard up against the glass with an absolutely unhinged look in her eyes. Her heaving breath fogged my window as she yelled. I tried to say something back that actually made any sense.

“I’m…I’m really sorry! I’ll move right n-”

She reeled back and punched my window. I saw the wrinkled skin on her fist go red and white against her arthritic knuckles as they thumped the glass. I heard a sickening crunching sound as she connected, making the window shake in place inches from my face. 

“Ma’am, I’m moving the car! I’m…”

She screeched at the top of her lungs as she pulled at my door handle with both hands. No words, just an ear piercing wail. My door swung open momentarily before I pulled it back shut.

Instinct took over as I locked the doors and put the car in reverse, backing up abruptly a few feet. I tried to position the car so I could flip a u-turn and get the fuck out of the dead end. But she stood there in my way, fuming. She looked thin and sickly but something about the rage behind her beady black eyes made her look unnatural. She was still screaming although now her furious words were muffled. 

I peeled forward coming within a foot of her leg as she advanced again toward my car. She threw her slender frame against the hood. For a second, she tried to cling to the hood like a scene from an action movie. I yanked the steering wheel as hard as I could to the left and stepped on the gas. She rolled off the front of the car, taking one of my wiper blades with her in her bony fingers. I’m pretty sure I heard her scream something about killing me as I gunned it out of there. 

I drove back to work in a daze not knowing what the hell had just happened. Worrying that maybe she’d chased me or called the cops, I hid my car between two large box trucks at the furthest end of the parking lot. I was shaking like a leaf as I walked in through the back door. I hurried to the restroom. I couldn’t stop thinking about her.

What the fuck did I do? I hurt some old woman, maybe badly. But she was fucking nuts wasn’t she? She was crazy. I splashed my face with cold water. The icy water running across my forehead made me feel ill. Hot vomit scorched my tongue and came rushing past the back of my teeth as I spewed into the sink.

They sent me home for that. As I collected my things from my locker, I heard some of those old dickheads making fun of me from across the room.

“Widdle baby got a tummy ache.”

That got some serious laughs. Fuck those assholes. I left as quickly as I could, trying not to make eye contact with anyone. 

I slipped out the back door, looking from side to side to see if…idk…to see if she was out there. The sun was just starting to go down as I opened the door to my car. I drove out of the lot slowly with my head on a swivel. No old woman. No cops. I thought maybe it would all be alright. Maybe there was no other boot waiting to drop on my neck. My stomach settled down a bit as I turned onto the highway.

It got dark quickly as I made my way towards home. When I was about 30 minutes into my drive, my body and mind had begun to relax. As often happens on those long trips, the quiet hum of the road gave way to my wandering mind. My imagination flew long down the highway ahead of me. I could see myself cozying up in my favorite blanket on my living room sofa, playing some Switch, and watching YouTube. 

A smile had just begun to creep across my face when it suddenly stopped in its tracks. I got a gnawing feeling in my gut. You know that feeling you get when you’re being …watched. I didn’t want to turn my head and look but my body acted on its own. I looked out the driver’s side window and there she was, staring back at me with a look of malice as we cruised alongside one another. I held her gaze for what seemed like forever. I was petrified. 

My mind reeled. Had she followed me? I sped up. I dangerously weaved from the right lane into the middle, cutting off an SUV. I could see her old black sedan edging to the right and left of the vehicle between us. The sallow headlights of her old car bent around the sides of the suv as she pushed for an opening to overtake. She was boxed in on both sides but that didn’t stop her from honking and flashing her lights frantically.

I put the pedal to the floorboard and didn’t let up until I was 15 miles down the road. I’d overshot my exit but I didn’t care at that point. I was so overcome with panic that I decided to get off at the next exit just to collect myself. I found a small gas station a mile or so down the road from the exit. I pulled in and parked behind the small storefront so that my car couldn’t be seen from the road. 

I turned off the engine and slumped down in my seat. I cried. The stress had clenched my heart and I guess my body needed some sort of relief. I couldn’t understand why this was happening to me. Who was this insane woman and why the hell was I her prey? I wrung my hands, banged my head on the steering wheel, slapped myself. Anything I could do to pull myself together, I did. I wiped at my eyes, got out and went into the convenience store.

The door bell went off as I entered the musty old shop. A friendly country voice rang out from the big man behind the counter, welcoming me to the store.

“H-hey!” I tried to sound normal. “How’s it going?”

“Doing good! How’s abouts yourself?”
Hearing that deep fried country drawl somehow felt like a connection back to reality.

“Brother, you wouldn’t believe me if I told ya,” I called back as I pulled a cold soda from the cooler.

“Hell. Try me. I done heard it all before and twice on Sundays!”

I told him everything as I stood at the counter across from him. I told him about work, how I took my lunch breaks, and of course about the crazy old bat I couldn’t seem to shake. It felt good getting it off of my chest. He laughed it all off until I got to the part about the highway.

“Ye say she was driving an old black 4 door?” He looked puzzled.

“Uh-huh. Like an old 80s…”

“Towncar?”

“Yeah, I think you’re right.”

“And this ol gal, she was real skinny-like? White hair and a black dress?” A look of concern had replaced his formerly giddy expression.

“That’s right…”

“Son.” He spoke in a whisper. “She’s in that washroom right back there you need to-”

The sound of the bathroom door’s lock opening behind my back cut him off in stride. The cashier flicked his eyes to his right. I followed in kind, moving behind the shelves of snacks. My heart thumped out of my chest. How could this be?! I heard slow, unsteady footsteps on the vinyl floor in the aisle adjacent to where I was crouched. 

The old woman was making a low guttural wheezing sound as she slowly made her way towards the front. She smelled like ammonia and something sickly sweet. I could see her in the reflection of the mirrored dome near the door. If I could see her, all she had to do was look up at it and she’d see me too.

“Anything I can help you with there, ma’am?” The cashier spoke with his natural southern charm.

She didn’t reply. She stared at him, her eyes lingering on him in that terrifying way I knew too well.

“I said’s there anything I can help you with, darlin’?”

She opened her mouth and made a sound like a choking bullfrog.

“Ma’am, are you alr-”

She tilted her head.

“You followed me here, didn’t you? DIDN’T YOU?!”

“Uh, ma’am, I work he-”

Before he could get the words out, she was across the counter, with her long fingernails clawing at his throat. The cashier yelped like a hurt dog. I could see blood in the reflection. I wasn’t sure whose it was as they struggled behind the counter. Cigarette packs and bottles crashed to the floor.

“FUCK OFFA ME, YA OLD BITCH!!”

The cashier swung out from behind the counter with the old woman clung to his chest like a monkey. Her old withered fingers clawed at his face leaving thin red streaks of blood leaking down his cheeks. He tried to push her off of him. As the cashier backpedalled with the rabid woman still clawing at him, he tripped over a knocked over display.

The pair crashed into the shelf that I hid behind knocking cans of soup and bags of chips across the room. They went down hard. The smell of iron burnt my nostrils as I looked into the security mirror. A crimson pool was forming around the back of the cashier’s head. He laid there still fighting as the old woman’s fingers ripped and tore at his face.

“NOT MY FUCKING EYES!! HELP!!” He called out desperately.

I ran. I didn't even think. I just ran to my car and turned the key in the ignition. The engine roared to life. I took off into the night, driving as fast as I could.

I know. I'm a fucking coward. I wanted to call the cops but in all my panic I couldn't even remember what sort of gas station it was. I couldn't even remember where it was. What was I going to do, call 911 and say be on the lookout for a killer old woman - she could be anywhere?

I drove back home. I circled the block first of course, looking for any sign of her. I was so drained. I couldn't even bring myself to get out of the car. I sat out front for 20 minutes or so just staring at my door. I thought about the cashier. I thought about the crazy look in that evil old woman's eyes.

I thought about home and my daydream of spending a comfy safe night in front of the TV. I thought about walking right in, locking the door behind me, and living that dream out. The only problem with that was…

As I looked through the window of my home, I was fairly sure that when I left the house that morning, I didn't leave the living room light on.
Title: I have a long Commute.

I have a long commute to work.

I work as a security guard for a public park. It’s not the most ideal job or even my career goal, but it’s really hard to argue with 25 bucks an hour, Monday through Friday, 8 hours, 8pm-4am, more than worth the 2 hour commute I have to make for the job. Like I said it’s not ideal but I make enough to live.

I’ve thought about moving closer to the park but I get by with my roommates right now and asking them to uproot their lives is a huge ask. So I just deal. The jobs are easy and the pay is good so the drive is really the only inconvenient part of the job.

Every night I switch off to the morning watchman, a guy named Harry, he’s an insane stoner who lives in the area and walks to work; kinda spacey but he’s cool. Once we switch off I start my commute back home. 

I’ve been doing this 5 days a week for about a year and until recently just fell into a nice routine with things.

Last Monday I was driving home. I have a weird bit of paranoia at night and have made a habit of checking my backseat while driving, turning on my cabin lights and briefly looking back. There's always nothing there and I always know nothing's gonna be there. But I can’t help it. I looked back this time and saw a person under my car blanket sitting down staring at me in my rear view mirror, I froze.

Before you judge me, please answer me what exactly you’d do in this scenario. You're driving on a backroad, the last bit of civilization was 30 minutes back, you look in your rear view and see a person you can’t see sitting up in your car, mind you, I’m a woman, this is a deep seeded fear of mine; I didn’t know his intentions with me. What would you do? What could you do? Take your hands off the wheel and attack the guy? Swerve into a ditch? Pull over and risk provoking this person who's been silently watching you for god knows how long? I started laughing. I don’t know why, maybe it was a nervous breakdown, but I just couldn’t stop laughing. 

Horrifically the person chuckled back which provoked me to laugh even more, we just laughed and laughed for 10 minutes of driving. Eventually I slowed down and came to my senses enough to try and assess the situation. He hadn’t killed me yet… he was laughing with me. Maybe he was prone to reason. So I hesitantly spoke.

“H-hey man… so… you're not gonna kill me are you?” I said still chuckling a bit from my previous fit.

The man under the blanket just stared at the rear view for a handful of seconds that felt like hours.

“Not if you keep driving. I just need to get to the Chevron here in Woodburn.”

I know it might sound stupid but that immediately washed my body with relief. Woodburn isn’t a hyper populated city but it’s a city. And the chevron was open with employees in the shop at 5 am. I could survive this. I said.

“Ok man… but-!”

The man immediately interrupted me.

“Stop fucking talking bitch.”

My heart sank into my stomach. He spoke with the cadence of a drunk dad at his limit, and he implied earlier he could kill me. I didn’t wanna provoke him. 

30 minutes went by. I couldn’t help but continue to look back at the man in the back of my car. It was almost constant to the point that I nearly swerved into a ditch. This provoked him.

“Next time you look back here I’m gonna bite your fucking throat out.”

That was a new threat. But it put the fear of god in me and I stared at the endless Oregon backroad. 

20 minutes went by, and I started feeling a wet breath creep down my back. I kept my eyes on the road as his breathing got exasperated, hot, uncomfortable against my neck, my pupils dilated and time slowed.

10 more minutes went by and I felt something tug at my hair, the breathing extended to my head and I felt my hair roots heat up. I pissed myself out of fear, something I’ve never done before. Finally Woodburn was in sight, the Chevron was right off the backroad entrance and the second I saw it I nearly hit someone pulling into the station. 

The second I my car stopped I slammed open my door and dove out of my car screaming for help leaving my car in drive, I ran towards the shop screaming for help. The gas station attendant followed me out to my car. It managed to stop on a blue pole sticking out of the cement and we looked in my passenger seat. But the dude wasn’t there. I cried. I begged the guy to believe me and call the police and he obliged. 

Police investigated my car, I was crying to an officer the entire time recounting the scenario. There was no evidence of tempering in my car, and I of course had no signs of trauma on me. I couldn’t describe the man, cus he was under a blanket the entire time, there was nothing the cops could do and honestly I couldn’t even blame them… I was at a total loss myself.

So now I’m on here… posting about it. I’m having one of my roommates drive me and pick me up from work for the next couple weeks at least, I feel bad because he’s got the day off but he’s a great guy, we used to date and he still cares a lot about me so as long as I’m lying for gas he’s down. 

What the fuck happened to me? You think this was like… a hallucination? I just… I’m fucking scared… I haven’t been able to sleep for days thinking of what could’ve happened to me… and I’m just supposed to believe it wasn’t real? Any insights would be valuable… Thank you.
Title: Bad Meat

By all accounts, I’ve had a fairly normal life. A circus of random chance, cataclysm and fortune entering and leaving like a pair of messy lovers. When I am gone, I will leave no lasting impact, only the vague memory left in the minds of my closest family. A memory that will quickly fade into the entropic maw of time. There is no afterlife for me, no god I pray to, no sense of divine judgment or justice. I am not an inherently spiritual individual, however I am inherently a hypocrite. Humanity’s nature is that of belief, in systems, in greater powers, in some sense of cosmic regularity. I once would consider myself a nihilist, but as I have grown into a facsimile of conscious thought I have found that human existence is not meaningless: We are livestock. 

At my birth my late mother liked to tell me I was no more than an inconvenience. She hardly had time to comprehend the intense strain of giving birth before I was in the doctor’s hands, silent as a dead man. She said when she looked into my eyes that rush of pure, selfless love she expected was simply not there. A hard thing to hear at the age of ten. Even harder still, was what came as I grew. My father was a ghost of a man, old and sickly, never one to teach me the rugged rituals of masculine thought. Instead he died. Quite shortly after my birth I may add. My only memory of him is the passing glance of an infant’s consciousness. He died while I was born, from some sort of cancer or bone disease, the cause escapes me now. All I know is that my mother deemed me the cause of it. She never said this to me directly, but it was apparent in her manner. The way she spoke to me, her lack of care towards me, the way she glared at me when she thought I wasn’t looking. My mother hated me, and I can't exactly blame her. 

Along with the coincidental death of my father in conjunction with my birth, I was plagued with disorders and behavioral issues all throughout my childhood. I became familiar with every symptom, every condition, every medication that they thought would fix me. None of them did, and it was from that subjugation I learned the second irrefutable fact of this existence; There is something deeply wrong with me, something that can never be fixed. 

My hometown was small and unremarkable, which made the constant disappearances all the more sensational. Naturally, in a town wrought with superstition and paranoia, I as an oddity became the subject of suspicion. Even though I was barely a year from elementary school, I was questioned, prodded, probed. My front yard, once littered with the aftermath of great battles drawn from my imagination, became a terrarium of which I was observed by those who thought I was a monster. If only they had known their true plight, unaware of the real horror that lurked just out of sight. Eventually the acts were pinned on a transient man from out of town, and he was gunned down while entering court. No one doubted the man’s guilt, or they were content to throw him on the pyre. Either way, they were all apathetic to his brutal end. I was the only one who knew the truth, and I would take it to my grave. 

I had no friends as a boy, left with my own imagination by a mother who couldn't care less about my whereabouts. I often ended up wandering the abandoned warehouses and mills that encircle the town. Ruins of an age long past, smokestacks and foundries that once pierced the sky with spires of jet black smoke. My mind would wander while I roamed these places, visions of roaring furnaces and the whir of machinery. I envy the men who toiled within those buildings. For them, life was a simple affair, one defined by an endless ouroboros. Life was work, and they were just another member of the hive. Hardship was simply meant to be hammered out like a piece of steel, broken bodies and patchwork minds dulled by vice were proofs of their own grizzled virtue. For even the most broken of men, life still held some glimmer of meaning through the dullness. On that day, my clearest memory is that of dullness. Gray clouds sailed through gray skies over dead fields and rundown buildings that dotted a flat horizon. I had gone farther than I usually would, my normal fears hampered by the inertia of my surroundings. My only companions were a family of portly rats that watched me carefully from the shadows, and scattered as the stones I threw crashed against the rusty steel roof. My adolescent mind sought more…  and it found me. 

Stretching across concrete like a drab island in a sea of cornfields, sat the old Packhouse. I approached down the main road, whacking apart the tall stocks of corn with a formidable oak branch I had found during my pilgrimage. As the corrugated behemoth came into view, sudden panic overtook me. Stories of the horrific were often unwanted companions to the imagination of a child, and the Packhouse was no different. A place of death, where animals were torn apart and packaged for consumption. An omen, if there ever was one.

Unfortunately, in that moment my juvenile mind decided to forgo the primordial instincts granted to me by eons of evolution, instead courting the notion of rationality. I persisted along my ill-fated quest, and entered the Packhouse. 

It was quiet as I slipped through a wide broken window, clambering down a haphazard pile of decaying rags. As my feet touched the concrete floor, a tangle of brutish pillars and corridors lay before me. I sat at the entrance of a labyrinth, and I dared to step inside. Twisting and turning through what felt like endless derelict rooms, each step I took filled my soul with a sense of impending dread, as if I would never return from this place. My only comfort was the weary light of day that limited my paranoia to the few dark shadows. Relief filled me as I passed through the last corridor, being spit out into the plant’s slaughter room. Pens and racks spanned the length of the space, scattered with mildew ridden boxes and abandoned machinery. Despite the cold sterile nature of the place, the remains of its previous occupants still stained the reddish brown concrete floors and an acrid scent of spoiled fat and dried viscera hung in the air as a specter. 

One detail of the floor commanded my attention, at the far edge opposite me was a large steel sliding door, firmly slid shut. It towered over the rest of the room, a rusted steel behemoth. It was featureless, except for a handle and a small square viewport that descended into benthic darkness. That small window pulled in my vision as the world around me disappeared. I saw nothing within that small square snapshot of the abyss, but I knew, somewhere in my primeval brain, that something was there, looking back at me. The growing voice of panic in the back of my head whipped into a storm of animalistic terror. Sweat began to form on my brow, the room felt damp and cold all at once. It became too much to bear and I turned to run. As my back turned to the dread behemoth, a shrieking whine filled the room. The sound of heavy steel being dragged across concrete echoed across the floor, reverberating through my bones. I froze, overwhelmed by pure fear like a fawn, praying that I would somehow become invisible. A horrid wail began to form in my throat, until a loud clang ended the auditory onslaught, and shocked me back into reality. I quickly spun to face the door, stumbling backwards until I found myself shuddering behind a table. 

Something dark and spindly flitted just out of sight, clutched at the corner of the door, before disappearing back into the now opened room. The long legs of a spider, but far too large, far too long. My eyes drew back into the darkness, a smell hit me. The smell of rot, of refuse, of death. My eyes watered as the odor stung my nose. It was only then when the contents of the locker were made clear to me. Just at the edge of the newfound light spilling into the room, before it was consumed by darkness, I saw them, they were barely silhouettes, but I saw them. Dozens of hanging corpses, swinging peacefully on creaking hooks. Some of their silhouettes still held limbs and heads, some were barely less than a lump of flesh. Between the hanging bodies, I saw it, that which haunts my mind. Between the corpses, was a face, an old woman's face, withered and cruel, smiling through haggard teeth with beady eyes that shone like cats’. The head bearing this face was far larger than any human’s, almost scraping against both the ceiling and the floor. As it stared into my eyes, through cracked lips, it began to speak. 

“Hello dear, are you lost?” 

A strange feeling washed over me at its words. The voice coming from its unmoving mouth was sweet and sonorous, like a mother comforting their child. My mind began to dull from its calming tone, obfuscating my thoughts. All the while however, those pinprick eyes bored through my soul, their intense hunger pulling from my soothed state. 

My voice caught in my throat as I sputtered out a gibbering reply. 

“It's alright, sweet child. Come here, I can help you find your way home.”

I could only respond with frozen silence. 

“Are you lost?” It repeated in an identical cadence. 

I was pulled forward on unseen strings, my feet lagging after my body before my shoe caught an edge and I stumbled to the floor. My hand pierced something sharp and rough. A sting shocked through my arm and I cried out in pain as I pulled my hand up, now bloody and torn. A rusted bone saw lay scattered across the floor, its blade now spotted crimson with my blood. As I stared at my mutilated hand, I felt a scream begin to rise within my chest. 

A loud groaning boomed through the room, as my attention snapped back to the locker. Just a few feet away, clung to the locker entrance, the thing sat. I could see it more clearly now, though as time goes the memory of its form begins to obfuscate. I remember its bulbous face looking down at me with yellowed eyes as big as my head. Foul smelling saliva pooling onto the floor. Its body winded in the darkness like intestines, attached to some unseen mass within. The thing drew even closer, the excited clattering of a thousand segmented legs scraping against the walls. As it approached, its face leered at me in elation, its pupils expanding across the iris like an eclipse. The creature's mouth hung open, a large pockmarked tongue quivered and shook in its fetid maw. Behind stood a dark void of muscle and saliva, one that sent gusts of hot stinking breath across my face, one that drew closer every second. The snapping and stretching of sinew echoed as the creature's mouth began to enclose me.  At this precipice, all the terror, the pain of my hand, the sorrow of my life, the loneliness, melted away from my adolescent mind. I was going to die a brutal, painful death… I was going to be eaten. 

I have never judged a murderer. Though I have never taken another person's life, there is a strange rush that fills you when you stand just at the edge of death. I can only imagine it feels the same taking a life. It is in those moments that a clarity of purpose is revealed, the desperate struggle for survival that defines all beasts existence is made manifest. 

I remember that moment as clear as day. Something sharp had found its way into my hand, something sharp and heavy. Before the thing's jaws snapped around me, it hesitated, letting out a horrific choking sound. I swung, letting out a hoarse cry of defiance, and hit flesh. There was a piercing scream, like that of a dying woman, and a burst of ochre fluid spilled over me. I scrambled back, before I broke out into a sprint. Concrete and steel became a blur as I tore my way through the Packhouse, all the while the thing’s voice boomed through the structure, reverberating off the walls. What was once a soothing maternal sound now burned through my body like a raging fire. Its words rattled from the depths of its throat, guttural and hateful. 

“ROTTED FLESH! POISON BLOOD!” It wailed, “GO! YOU ARE BAD MEAT! BAD MEAT!” 

Dull light offered me no relief as I burst into the day, the creature's words leaving my ears ringing. My feet slammed against the cracked pavement of the exit as I ran, leaving the Packhouse to become consumed again by the cornfields. I didn't stop, I remember that. I didn't stop for anything. I didn't stop until I got home. 

I knew no one would believe a kid like me, so I lied. I never spoke of what happened. I remember the stitches, I remember the scolding that followed the story of my unfortunate accident. I remember the sleepless nights, the nightmares, and the eyes. Most of all I remember a strange feeling, one that never left. I was spoiled, unfit for consumption. 

I'll be a father soon. I can only hope my daughter will inherit my misgivings, my flaws. My greatest hope for her is that she will be like me, broken and malignant. Humans are food, meant for consumption by the things that lurk within the void. I have no grand aspirations for her, no dreams of a better future. Humans are food, so I pray every night to the formless, shapeless god of chance that my infant child will be nothing more than a wastrel. A dreg, ill-suited even to be meat.
Title: I’ve been stuck driving on the same road that I died on for the last three years

I truly believe that some of the most bone chilling stories are the ones that have never been told. If you think about it, those that are able to recollect and tell their stories are the reason folklore exists at all. The dead are limited in their ability to transcribe the series of events that led them to where they rest today. I think that in itself is a terrifying aspect of the unknown. Without the knowledge passed on by those braver than you, you’re just as blind as they were, while they were still alive.

I died a good while back, on the highway while heading back home. For the last three or so years, I’ve been stuck in this place that isn’t heaven or hell. Maybe it’s purgatory? I’m not entirely sure. All I know is that I’ve been stuck driving on the same road that I died on for the last three years. While I can step out of my Ute and walk around, there’s not really a point, as my surroundings are dark and desolate. If everything wasn’t illuminated by either my headlights or the faint, otherworldly hue, then I would be faced with unimaginable darkness. 

It’s not entirely empty either, driving along I see things ranging from crashed vehicles, my own Ute and body nearly unrecognisably mangled in the middle of the road, or roadkill that walks and hops despite broken bones and huge chunks of flesh missing from their bodies. While I do see the occasional human being, I try my best to avoid them. I find that newcomers are the most prone to violent bouts of aggression as they go through the five stages of grief in here. I’ve only ever let one other person into my vehicle in the last three years, and it’s a mistake that I will never make again.  

It all started as I was heading home late one night. Looking back on it, I should’ve just pulled over and slept, or napped, or anything. But overconfidence pushed me to drive seven hours home, despite not having slept in the last two days. I had multiple coffees and energy drinks, and stopped occasionally to piss and splash my face with cold water, but I was still feeling myself slipping the whole way. My ego wouldn’t let me sleep on the side of the road due to how uncivilised it seemed, and my fear wouldn’t let me as I imagined teens, thieves or worse catching me while I slept. Now, not only do I sleep in my Ute in the infinite blackness of the void, I hear things outside scratching and tapping at my doors and windows, eager to come inside.

I was about two thirds of the way home when I closed my eyes far longer than I should have. Though it was night while I was heading home, when I awoke I could immediately tell that something wasn’t right. It’s the same feeling you get when you’re lucid dreaming, that awareness that everything around you isn’t real as you float listlessly in your thoughts. 

I stepped out of my Ute with the headlights still on as I gathered myself. I felt… fuzzy, sort of when your limbs that fell asleep start receiving circulation again, and the pins and needles fade away. It was that feeling, but constant, across my entire body. I felt cold, but I couldn’t really feel my surroundings. I think that’s when it really dawned on me. I couldn’t hear anything or feel anything around me, sure I could hear my heartbeat and pinch my skin, but everything else was just… numb…

I saw my decimated vehicle in the middle of the road, looking like crumbled up wrapping paper. It remember my first time seeing it vividly, because it essentially just behind my Ute, as the faint red glow of my rear lights revealed it in an ominous glow. I didn’t need to get too close to see my body torn in half, splayed over the bonnet and steering wheel like a doll. My bones protruded out of my arms, legs and torso, while my head looked partially caved in. 

From the way it looked, I have to think that I swerved into a truck coming in the opposite lane. My hypothesis was based on how my Ute went from looking like a terrier to a pug, with a noticeable amount of damage present to the frame that couldn’t be the result of a hatchback or a sedan collision. Though in all honesty, I have no idea what exactly happened. Just that I hit some cunts’ vehicle, and that I died while he survived. 

Something that I realised quickly was that my truck didn’t require fuel. Not only that, as long as I kept it on the road and avoided hitting the living roadkill and other hazards, my Ute can keep going forever. I didn’t need food, but anything I found that I could eat comforted me, despite not feeling hungry or full afterwards.

One thing I realised on the second or third person I ran into was that you should never, under any circumstances, attempt to make a U-turn and drive back the way you came. You should and can only drive forward. If you realised you’ve left something behind, just get over it, because you’re not getting it back. While I was still new, I met this Asian fella looking at his own body that had propelled itself from his windshield to about five metres away from his car. His suit ripped in tatters as a trail of blood and flesh bits followed a metre or two back, I could grimly imagine m what the front of his body looked like as it was grated against the rough, tar road. 

“Where- Where am I?” He blurted, It was easy to tell that English wasn’t his first language, so I spoke as calmly, coherently and slowly as possible.

“I’m sorry mate, but you’re dead” I said bluntly.

No- No… Can’t be…” he looked around, both at his original wrecked car and the one he had parked on the opposite side of the highway. 

“Where is she?… Where…?” He asked, as he approached me with his wallet opened, inside was a picture of himself and what I assumed to be his daughter, no older than six or seven. 

“She must be alive still, I’d consider yourself lucky.” I replied, at this point, he started speaking either Chinese or Vietnamese (I couldn’t really tell) and got back in his car. I saw him make a u-bolt and head the opposite way. I watched as he drove out to where I could only faintly see his headlights, before seeing the faint silhouette of his car falling as though it was pushed off a cliff. For a brief second, I swore I could see his headlights shine from under the ground as he spiralled and spun before melting into the void. 

I can’t imagine what happens if you manage to die here too. Maybe it’s complete void like a dreamless sleep, or maybe you do end up in heaven or hell and this is just an awkward pit stop to the great beyond. I haven’t the faintest clue what awaits me, maybe it’s better than this place, maybe it’s worse? My greatest fear is that beyond this, there is simply nothing at all. I try not to think about that while I’m driving, but the thought comes and goes as easily as the bloody kangaroos that litter the highway. 

At this point, you may be thinking to yourself how exactly am I posting these if I’m dead? To be completely honest. I have no idea if these are going to reach anybody really. My phone still works and the battery doesn’t drop no matter how long I can use it. I can’t seem to get into YouTube or Spotify though which is a shame, since there’s this podcast I really like listening to when I was driving to and from home. I can post things on websites but when I check homepages or anything, my phone freaks the fuck out and I have to shut it down and start it up again to make it work. The first time I did that, I was shitting myself thinking I lost the ability to look at my kid’s texts. But after it turned on again, I realised it was fine and everything was still on it.

Driving becomes its own hell when you can’t listen to anything. I’d take listening to shitty radio stations than nothing at all. The silence just leaves you with your thoughts, or it highlights a rattle you didn’t think was there before so now you can’t stop hearing it. Before realising that my existence depends on looking at the road, I would check my phone while driving, scrolling through old messages, trying to send messages only to encounter an error, or listen to videos I had saved on my camera roll. 

Another thing you gotta do is to always keep your eyes on the road. Always. Because there is some strange shit in here that isn’t animal or human. I was looking through pictures I took of a cruise with my now ex-wife as I caught something from the corner of my eye. At first I thought I was seeing an impossibly large wombat, but its hair was dark and smooth looking, almost glistening like it was wet. Of course my first instinct was to stay on my phone and drive around it. As even if I did manage to hit it, I’ve hit the living roadkill in here before and they just get right back up after going under my tires. But as soon as I looked back down at my phone, in the middle of the cruise picture I was looking at, I saw that thing, and it looked like it was getting closer.  My eyes fell back onto the road, where I saw it looking directly at me, it’s eyes indescribably bright as I quickly swerved around it, it’s eyes now burned into mine as I felt it’s bold gaze linger in front of me for a few minutes before dissipating. Something about its eyes and the way it looked at me felt eerily familiar, I near about had a panic attack afterwards as my memory of the thing seemed to deteriorate after passing it. I see it now glaring at me from outside my window in the dark fields on my left. So unless I want more glaring at me, I’ll do my best and keep my eyes on the road. 

I’ve yet to find a bottle-o here, though if I’m lucky I’ll find strangers with slabs full of beer. This year I saw a guy in a small hatchback parked on the side of the road. Now usually I’m very wary of others, both in life and… wherever this was. But at that point, I hadn’t spoken to anyone for weeks, and I wasn’t feeling great after dealing with the last person I met in here. I didn’t care though, and parked up a bit behind them and greeted them. I approached a young man, curly hair, couldn’t be older than twenty-five. I’m sure my forty-year-old ass was intimidating as I saw him back away when I greeted him. 

 

“Hey mate, you new here?” He looked me up and down, as his hand felt behind him for his door handle.

“Sorry to bother ya, I just want to talk-“ he kept grabbing at the handle, unable to get it open. He turned away from me and began furiously pulling at the door handle. If he wasn’t built like a twig, I would’ve rooted for him pulling the door off its hinges. Instead he gave up and ended up running into the darkness. I called out to him, as there was no way I’m going out into that abyss with no vehicle or light. 

“It’s your funeral mate, I just wanted to talk! Don’t let the ghouls get ya!” 

I chortled, sometimes I get so bored I amuse myself. I peered into his small, black hatchback. He was lucky that cars don’t really break down here, cause his black shit-box barely passed as a paddock-basher. It was old, very old, with stained seats and a whole lot of trash on the floor. Hidden in the backseat, I could see a slab of beer partially covered in a blue tarp. I checked each door, before realising he locked himself out of his car. I couldn’t help but feel bad for the guy, so I decided to help him out. I think the slab is more than adequate payment. I don’t know if I imagined being drunk or if the alcohol actually had an affect on me, but that was the best day I had in weeks.

This old road extends beyond reality itself. Sometimes the memories of what once was leaks into this place, dotting the sides of this barren highway. These memories take the forms of locations; old gas stations, small homes; all of them seem to find their way here eventually. That’s where I manage to grab my food and beer from. I fondly remember finding the servo I used to visit as a kid on the side of the highway. I parked my Ute near the rusted pumps and headed inside. The place was almost exactly how I remembered it, with a barrel of lollipops near the registers, bottles of energy drink and cold coffee in the dark fridges and the slushy machine right next to the warmers full of meat pies and sausage rolls.

Sadly, the place was rather dilapidated. Not completely run down mine you, best I can describe it is when a store hasn’t been cleaned in a day, and you’re the last one there as everyone else has gone home. There wasn’t any power, but the otherworldly hue from the ground illuminated the place just enough for me to make out my surroundings. There was plenty of snacks and canned drinks ripe for the taking. Though just as I was stuffing my pockets and hands with as much as I could carry, I heard something else enter the building. I looked up at the dirty safety mirror in the top corner, as I saw a large, shadowy figure enter. It moved unnaturally, struggling on horse like legs. It was frail, moving with great weight, dripping dark ichor onto the ground below it. It looked up and faced the mirror, looking at me with those bright, ineffable eyes. The thing was following me, and I saw no reason in sticking around. I managed to sneak over the counter and quietly went out the employee fire exit before booking it to my Ute. I started it up and left, seeing the thing looking at me in my rear view mirror. I made sure to carry my hunting knife with me each time I explored from then on. 

 

That- whatever it is, isn’t the only thing that creeps me out. Though they are hard to see, you can occasionally spot concealed driveways and dirt roads leading to gates branching off the main highway. I was still relatively new when I first came across one of them, now I try my best not to look at them as I pass them by. Back then, my curiosity got the best of me, and I got out to look at where it lead to. The dirt road lead to a metre tall gate, with rusted barbed wire and poles stretching endlessly into the darkness. On the gate, was a large, wooden sign painted in red and black that simply read…

 

THE BEND

 

I took a squiz just past the gate, and saw the edge of the world. A few metres past the gate lead to a sheer drop that sunk into nothingness. As I was standing out there, I swore I could faintly hear whispers in the darkness. Though when I looked around, nothing was there. At least, nothing I could see anyways. I think I checked two other side roads after that one, those roads went a bit further than my light could reveal, but I got a real bad feeling from them. The last one I saw looked exactly like the gate outside the home of an old friend of mine. He died about ten years back in a car accident. I don’t like checking them anymore. 

 

I drove for a while with the first person I met here. He went by Shane, and he seemed pretty experienced. He was a bit skinner, wearing a blue flannel and a dark Stetson hat. If everything he said was true, then he is the only man I know who has survived the longest in here. His Ute was filled with rifles, chains, hunting knives and a few first aid kits. Funnily enough, my first meeting with the cunt was having his gun pointed at my head. Being the scared newcomer I was, I let him do whatever he wanted. After searching my Ute from top to bottom, he went to his Ute to grab something. The hand that once carried the gun that was pressed against my temple now had a cold beer in it.

 

“Sorry mate, I had to check for any Yowies” He said gruffly. I was nervous at first, but I took the offering and cracked it open. I remember asking a whole lot of useless questions, like “what is this place?”, “why are we here?”, shit like that. 

“What do you mean Yowies?” I finally asked, to which he gave a wide, toothless grin. 

“They’re the things that wander around ‘ere. I reckon you’ll find one soon enough. Big, dark things that ooze…” He pulled the sleeve on his right hand, showing a missing index finger that once connected to a black stub. He mumbled quietly. 

“Ooze that’s cold and wet, but it burns… it sucks, and it burns… Dream like things, lost spirits that have lost themselves in this place…” 

I wasn’t sure how much of his ramblings were of real events, or half-imagined ones. I just knew not to belittle the man who could blow a clean hole through my brains. Though it wasn’t stated outright, I felt obligated to follow Shane. That and he made me drive before him, whether it was so it was easier to shoot me, or if it was for my vehicle to protect his for whatever was out there, I’m still unsure of. He forced me into old houses that manifested on the side of the highway. Each time he asked me-

“Do these look familiar to you?”

Each time he did, I said no. 

All of the houses seemed foreign to me. Some were brick, others were timber, all of them old fashioned. They had a late sixties, vintage style, accompanied by classic cars outside. They looked as if someone picked up a house in the middle of the country and dropped them right next to the highway. Shane would push me inside, gun poking my back, as he made me scout them out. I checked them room by room, giving updates and giving him anything I managed to find as he waited outside. 

Each of those homes were falling apart, wallpaper peeling off like sunburnt skin and mould sprawled across the ceiling and walls. I was hoping that there’d be a weapon I could use to defend myself, though the most I could find were old kitchen knives and potato mashers. Still, I held onto the hope that I would be free of Shane at some point, but those first few weeks were tough. As he had some quirks that made him a cunt to be around.

Besides his eagerness to apply violence to yield morbid gains, he was extremely opinionated and had an extremely short fuse. He kept going on to how all the good jobs were being outsourced, despite the fact that we’re both dead now. I usually just nodded and pretend to agree with most of what he said. The only good thing about having him around was that it made the time go by quicker, but time holds no meaning here so I’m not sure how much worth that has anymore.

He told me a little about how he ended up here, not that I had a choice in the matter. When someone has your life in their hands and ask you “Do you wanna hear a story?”, the safest thing to say is yes. Best case scenario he just keeps yapping and ignores your input. He was a hunter that would sneak into large properties to hunt game, primarily deer and boars in the dead of night. He had caught a sow and three piglets, he had them chained in the back of his Ute and driving along the highway when he caught on to police lights from his rear. He sped up trying to evade them before eventually being caught. The police cruiser parked right in front of him, giving him enough time to “give the bastard what he deserved”. In what I can only assume was a fit of blind rage, he had shot the cop right where he stood, and realising the consequences of his actions, got back into his Ute and started speeding home. He didn’t even make it a kilometre down the M1 when a kangaroo jumped out and collided with him, sending him down into a creek where he drowned. Hearing that story explained why his Ute always seemed damp and smelled the way it did.

I think I put up with him for about three weeks before something significant happened. We were searching inside this house together, and this time he came in with me as opposed to just waiting outside like he usually did. I just figured he was bored and wanted a change of scenery, but something about how he was looking around the place and moved through it’s withered halls made me think that it was something more significant to him.  

I was going down this dark hallway, as he was the only one allowed to hold one of his many flashlights when I heard him make this loud, almost feminine shriek. I turned around and watched this huge, dark creature grab a hold of him from under an old bed. Its arm was huge but thin, with stringent muscle connecting to its shrivelled forearm. He had dropped his gun and flashlight as he was crawling and gouging at the timber floorboards underneath him. His nails ripping out of his hands, sticking out of the floorboards as his screams filled those hallowed halls.

“Fucking help me John, you useless cunt!” he screamed and whined. He looked at me with this desperation that almost made me consider saving him. I immediately reached for the gun and torch. Seeing as I still had the opportunity, I raised the worn rifle up, aimed, and fired into Shane’s side. He coughed up blood as he glared at me, pain and anger pooling in his dark eyes as he was pulled under the bed. I let that thing keep his body as I ran to my Ute and drove off, laughing the whole way like ol’ bloody Saint Nick. I was reborn, moulted by newfound freedom, my head throbbing as the adrenaline wore off.

I remember the feeling of liberation I had when I was finally free of him. But until then I was fearful, not just because he had a gun pointed at me most of the time, but by the thought of what waited for me beyond this place. I think that was the catalyst for my intrigue into the *after*\-after life. I reflected a lot after dealing with Shane, if he taught me anything, it was that in this place you only have two options. You either pass on to whatever awaits us beyond, or you keep going, trying to find meaning on this long, dark road that never ends.

I thought I found meaning in Julie. I came across this younger lady, who was the first women I had seen in here, and I spotted her crying on the side of the road in front of her blue sedan. She looked like she was in her mid-thirties, with silky dark hair and these bright brown eyes. I had gotten out of my car to greet her, as she ran up to me and gripped onto my flannel.

“What is this place?! Where’s my husband?! Where’s my son..!” She spoke between sobs as she beat her fists against my chest. I looked over at the car wreck sprawled across the road. The debris scattered farther than my headlights could show. If you didn’t come here with the same car you died in, I wouldn’t have had the faintest idea of what type of car she was driving. It was so badly mangled and compact that it looked like it was used in those test trials, where they smash cars against a wall at hundreds of kilometres an hour. I stood there rather awkwardly looking back at it. As history can attest to, I was not the best at consoling women in distress. I just let her get her feelings out, before she looked up at me with wet, red eyes.

“I’m sorry ma’am, but you’ve passed on. If your husband and child aren’t here, than I can only assume that they are still alive.” I said as compassionately as I could manage. I didn’t have the heart to tell her what condition they must have been in. I’ve seen people wheelchair bound after car accidents, and one who laid in a coma until their family pulled the plug on them after half a decade. I’m not sure what it waits for those who pass outside this road, but I can only imagine how her spouse and son had survived such a mess.

I gave her a rundown of everything I knew inside her sedan, what my theories were (still banking on this being some sort of purgatory), what ghouls I have seen roaming around, I mentioned the story of the guy doing a u-bolt but didn’t tell her about Shane, as I didn’t want to scare her with the threat that man still posed in this place.

“That’s all I know so far, I wish you the best, I may not see you again when I leave and-“

“Wait!” she blurted out, before her voice dropped to a whisper. “Please… Can I ride with you?”

I sat in my Ute and boiled over on the idea. I wasn’t sure how big of a risk it was bringing someone else, maybe that thing that killed Shane was only there because we were both in the house at the same time? There were too many unknowns and what-ifs to make a rational decision. At the time I had to consider that after each stranger I passed, I never saw them on the road again. Would it be so bad to have some better company on the road?

“Sure” I stated. “Just stay behind me. If I go before you, then it gives you a chance to escape if something happens to me…” She hugged me after I said that, and for a second, I considered hugging her back. The temptation was strong, but I settled with a firm pat on the back. Maybe I’ll talk more about her, once I have more beer.

I’m not sure if anyone will see this, but writing all this down has helped out a lot. Plus, it’s a breath of fresh air as opposed to driving endlessly on the road. Until then I plan on driving and hopefully finding another slab. If I pray, then hopefully I can manifest a drive through bottle-o and grab enough grog to forget everything. Maybe the key to leaving this place is to get absolutely smashed. That’s the dream anyways. I’ll write more down if I feel like it.
Title: The Quiet Stretch (Part 2)

[Part One](

Upon entering the empty highway, I immediately applied the brakes. I didn’t want to head any further. I wanted to turn around. I looked into the rear-view mirror, and it showed a hitchhiker, donning a hoodie and standing near the road, gesturing. I immediately stepped down from the truck and looked around, once, twice, thrice, but there was no one. The toll plaza was no longer behind me. There was only an endless highway, dimly lit by an unseen light source, stretching forward without variation.

I had no option left but to travel ahead and find an exit, any exit. I climbed back into the truck and started driving again. Fear accompanied me, and it wore the shape of the hitchhiker. He was still present in the rear-view mirror, motionless, as if the mirror were a camera displaying a live feed. Throughout the drive, I wasn’t just scared. I was confused, sweating profusely. The truck produced no sound, as if it were an electric vehicle, only quieter. I realized then that the silence wasn’t accidental. It felt selective, as though certain things were being taken away deliberately.

Meanwhile, my habit took over. I tried honking in the same pattern as before. It was a reflex rather than a decision. The horn didn’t make a sound. That was when I understood that it wasn’t just the truck that had gone quiet. Sound itself was no longer behaving the way it should.

After what might have been several miles, I saw someone standing right beside the road, gesturing in the same way as the hitchhiker in the mirror. I had no choice but to approach. He was wearing a hoodie, looking in the opposite direction. I slowed the truck and reached the spot, and what sent chills through me wasn’t the hitchhiker ahead of me, it was the fact that the rear-view mirror now showed nothing, just the empty highway behind me.

I couldn’t fathom the behavior of the road or my surroundings. The hitchhiker remained still, unmoving. I didn’t know whether I should step down or not, and something within me resisted the idea entirely as my heart raced. After a brief, frantic conversation with myself, I decided to leave him where he was and not disturb him.

I pressed the accelerator and tried to move past him. Nothing happened. I tried again, still nothing. Even after the tenth attempt, the truck refused to move. I had no option left but to step out. The road hummed unusually beneath my feet, vibrating with a low, unnatural intensity. It wasn’t loud, but it was persistent, as though it had replaced the sounds that should have been there.

I slowly stepped towards the hitchhiker, who remained frozen and completely unmoving. I walked past him, and then he moved. He avoided eye contact and said nothing at all. He simply began walking towards the truck, climbed in, and sat beside the driver’s seat. As he did, I noticed his chest rise slightly, as if to breathe, and then stop halfway, frozen in a failed attempt at something human.

Right after he sat down, a new image appeared in the rear-view mirror. It looked like a gas station, very dimly lit, with a truck parked beside it. That probably meant my next destination was a gas station. Meanwhile, the hitchhiker released a faint humming noise, as if he were mimicking the road, the highway itself.

His throat produced an inhuman vibration, and I could feel it beneath my seat, through the very frame of the truck. I dared not ask anything. My heart was already in my mouth, and I didn’t want to collapse right there by doing something stupid. I didn’t want to attract his attention. But something within me was still curious, desperate to know if he was human, if he could respond to a question.

After half an hour of complete silence, I dared to break it. “Hello,” I said. “Sir?” He didn’t respond. He continued humming, frozen, his gaze locked onto the rear-view mirror. Moments later, it wasn’t his silence that unsettled me most, it was the fact that I didn’t hear my own voice when I spoke.

Even my own voice wasn’t audible to me. I wondered if the transition from the normal highway to this one had deafened me. The thought deeply unsettled me. It no longer felt like coincidence. First the horn, then my voice. Whatever this place was, it seemed to strip sound away in layers, leaving only what it wanted to keep.

Something within me was quite certain now that asking again wouldn’t be a good idea. It didn’t matter anymore. I couldn’t hear myself, and the silence felt profoundly wrong. His humming was the only sound tearing through the quiet. The truck, which normally vibrated because of the engine, now vibrated because of him. That hum convinced me he was less than human. A normal person would need to pause to breathe. He didn’t. He wasn’t breathing at all.

It was taking me more than courage to live through all that. I was constantly cursing my decision of having become a truck driver. It felt like I was lured into that job by the universe itself, as though this road had been waiting for someone like me to notice it.

Just how a normal trucker would, I looked to my right. What happened next made me keep my head straight ahead for the rest of the route.

Looking to my right, I could see a road being built in real time. It stretched far beyond what my eyes could follow. A truck, moving with the speed of a jet, came hurling towards me. Terror seized me, and I immediately looked ahead again, accelerating fully. To my surprise, my head movement caused the approaching truck to disappear, along with the road itself.

I tried looking again for a fraction of a second. The highway rebuilt itself in unison with my vision. I immediately looked straight ahead. That was enough. I understood then that this place responded not to movement, but to attention.

That meant I mustn’t look to my right or left. Although I had no courage left to test the left side, only a fool wouldn’t understand that it had to work both ways.

Meanwhile, the hitchhiker hummed constantly, adding to the unease relentlessly. My heart hummed in unison, not with rhythm, but with fear. The gas station was still visible in the mirror, and so was the truck parked beside it. This time, its brake lights were on.

After another hour of driving, an hour that felt like an eternity, I could finally see the gas station ahead. It appeared faint in the distance, surrounded by fog. If it weren’t for the red lights of the truck standing near it, I might not have noticed it at all.

Right upon touching the gas station’s boundary, there was no need for me to stop the truck. It stopped on its own. The gas station’s image vanished from the rear-view mirror, confirming that the mirror didn’t show what was behind me, it showed what was waiting.

I looked at the hitchhiker. He was still staring ahead, as if waiting for me to move first. I took out a cigarette, not out of craving, but because I needed something familiar, something ordinary, to anchor myself to reality.

I lit it. The smoke didn’t drift. It remained static, suspended in place. Then the hitchhiker moved. His body resisted itself, as though something unseen dictated how far and how fast he was allowed to go.

He snatched the cigarette from my hand. The gesture stirred something in me, an echo of familiarity I couldn’t place. I knew I had seen that movement before, but the memory refused to surface, leaving behind only unease.

He stepped out and began running towards the truck parked at the other end of the gas station, the cigarette still in his hand.

Immediately, another truck came hurling out of the darkness. The hitchhiker tried to make way, but at an impossible speed, the truck struck him. He was thrown upwards, still rotating slowly in the air, suspended rather than falling. A powerful hum followed, one that lingered far longer than it should have, vibrating through my bones.

The truck vanished into the darkness as abruptly as it had appeared. The body did not fall. It remained floating, rotating gently, as if held there by the same force that governed the road.

I walked towards the parked truck. The moment I climbed inside, I didn’t need to see anything else. The scent told me everything. It was Martin’s truck. My legs weakened before the thought fully formed. Only then did the realization hit me, the hitchhiker had been Martin all along. Tears rolled down my face as his body still hovered above, unreachable.

I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t understand why Martin hadn’t spoken, or why he never looked at me. I didn’t understand the hum, or whether it had been him, or the road, or both.

The next moment, I looked into the rear-view mirror of Martin’s truck. It showed a truck speeding towards me. And I understood, with a certainty that made my chest tighten, that the road was not finished with me yet.
Title: I Snooped on My Roommate’s Computer. I Wish I'd Found Nothing.

I know how this sounds, but I swear I had a reason.

Every once in a while, when my roommate Conner wasn’t home, I’d check his room. I didn’t do this to steal anything or be a snoop for the sake of it. No, I wanted to reassure myself that I wasn’t living with someone who’d eventually end up on the news.

Conner isn’t a regular guy. He’s a little too proud of his German heritage if you know what I mean. The kind of pride that sneaks into places where it doesn’t belong. Nazi jokes that land wrong. WW2 Facts nobody asked for. He says them casually, like he’s just sharing trivia, but he always watches your face afterward. Always checking for judgment.

To make matters worse, he’s obsessed with guns and knives. He collects them. Displays them. Lines them up on his wall like achievements. There’s a twisted dagger mounted above his TV that he once called “a real beauty,” and I remember wondering why anyone would need something shaped like that unless they’d spent time imagining what it would feel like to use it.

His room puts out bad vibes beyond just the murder weapons. Between morbid heavy metal posters for bands no one has heard of and the two movie posters he has up (American Psycho and Joker by the way), there were lots and lots of old war memorabilia that seems to always happen to be German. No Old US Army helmets or Red Army ushankas. He only had the stuff his favorites used. That included a WWII gas mask hanging on the wall, stiff and yellowed from prior use. He fucking loved that thing and would wear it at night to freak me out. 

So yeah, I consider it my civic duty to search his room from time to time. Not because I’m nosy. Because when someone surrounds themselves with weapons, Nazi iconography, and incel shit, you start wondering if they’re ever going to act out one of their special interests.

I sat at his desk and logged into his computer. His password was his favorite movie plus the same numbers he used for everything. The numbers 12, 13, and 14, no idea the meaning behind those, but he uses them for everything: usernames, gamer tags, passcodes. His over use of them, made guessing his password a lot easier that’s for sure. 

The browser that opened upon logging in wasn’t Chrome. It was a Tor browser.

Conner loved talking about the “deep web” or the “dark web.” Always said it with a grin, like he knew something about it everyone else didn’t.

At first, it almost felt stupid. Drugs. Weapons. Things so blatant they felt fake. I even laughed at one site offering hired killers like it was an online food menu. 

It seemed my fears of Conner were unfounded. He was just using the dark web to cosplay being a criminal. None of this shit was real.  

I was about to get off when I noticed a message pop up on Conner’s computer through the open door. A chat app I didn’t recognize. The sender name was just a single letter. X.

Curiosity won. It always does.

The messages assumed I was Conner. X joked with him about always working during the matinees. X even mocked him for being sloppy and not using his ghost??? Whatever the hell that meant.  When I replied, pretending to be sick and home from work, the response came almost instantly.

They sent a link.

They called it a Red Room. 

I knew what that was, but I told myself it wasn’t real. The FBI  says they aren’t, so I clicked anyway.

The screen went dark, then bright red. Like a theater curtain pulling back. The chat exploded with emojis. Popcorn. Eyes. Smiley faces. It was like a demented twitch chat.

Then the stream started.

There was a young woman on screen, tied up and terrified.

The first bid was for her to get one of her fingers cut off and fed to her. I laughed at first. I actually fucking laughed thinking it was all bullshit, but then a man in a hockey mask stepped into frame with a knife not all that disimilar to the ones Conner had hanging on his wall. 

The man in the hockey mask cut her finger off like it was a piece of meat at the deli. As she screamed he shoved it down her throat and she vomited it back out. So, he tried to feed it to her again, but this time she kept her mouth shut, so he grabbed her by the nose and squeezed until it started gushing blood. That got her to scream again and after three of the worst minutes of my life, the man in the hockey mask got her to eat the finger.

I won’t repeat the other bids. I won’t repeat what people were asking to be done to her or how casually they typed it. I just remember realizing, in a cold, quiet moment, that Conner had more points saved up than I’d seen spent so far and people were spending a lot.

I muted the audio and nearly threw up. I ran to my laptop and considered calling the police, but I doubted that would be any good. They’d think I was making this shit up, so instead I tried reporting the site through the FBI’s cybercrimes division. When I went back to Conner’s room to grab the pertinent site information, a private message popped up.

“I wouldn’t do that.” X said. I tried to ignore it until X added, “Ed…” That’s my name. 

I considered what to do next. How could X know it was me and not Conner? How the fuck does he even know who I am? Did Conner tell them about me?

“Do what?” I replied, curiosity getting the better of me.

“Report the site like you’re trying to do right now. It won’t work Ed.”

“Why not?” I replied again, taking pictures of the conversation with my phone.

“Nice try. I’m in your phone too.” X replied, not in the chat this time, but through my phone’s messenger app. 

“You still can’t stop me.” I texted them back, hoping that taunting them would get them to overplay their hand.  

That’s when X replied back with my full name, home address, credit card number, and the names and addresses of my parents and sister.

X told me the site would be gone before anyone found it. That I’d sound crazy. Then they said something worse.

“You don’t want to be in the next show, do you?”

They told me to place a bid.

Not to save her. But to participate and implicate myself too.

“All you gotta do is have him cut her…that’s all.” X explained.

When I put in the bid, my hands were shaking so badly I almost missed the enter key. I didn’t even look at the number afterward. I just stared at the screen, waiting for something to stop me. An error. A disconnect. Anything.

The chat froze.

Then it exploded.

Question marks. Laughing faces. People typing things like *what?* and *is this a joke?* Someone accused me of wasting points. Someone else said it was boring. I felt this thin, stupid flicker of hope rise in my chest. Like maybe confusion was enough. Like maybe nonsense could derail this death machine.

On the stream, the man in the hockey mask tilted his head. He looked genuinely curious. He set the knife down.

I didn’t breathe until I saw his hand come back into frame holding an electric razor.

The sound was what broke me. That low mechanical buzz cutting through the silence. The girl started crying immediately, like she already knew what was coming, like humiliation hurt almost as much as everything else. She tried to turn her head away, but she couldn’t go anywhere.

Hair fell into her lap in uneven clumps.

The chat went quiet again. Not angry this time. Watching.

I felt sick, but I also felt something worse. Relief. A coward’s relief. I told myself I’d done something. That I’d changed the outcome. That this was better.

Then the applause started.

Clapping emojis. Fire. People calling it “bold.” “Avant-garde.” Someone typed that it was poetic. That stripping her identity was more interesting than hurting her body.

I wanted to scream at them that they were all insane. That this wasn’t art. That this wasn’t even mercy. It was a thin attempt to appease X without it weighing too heavy on my conscience. 

A private message popped up.

“Well done.”

Before I could even process that, another bid appeared. Bigger than mine. Bigger than anything I’d seen all night.

The man in the mask stepped back so the camera could see her clearly. Her ruined hair. Her shaking shoulders. Her empty, exhausted eyes.

He grabbed a machete.

I knew what was coming before it happened.

I muted the audio, but it didn’t help. Her now exposed scalp erupted red as she was cleaved to death with the machete. I think somewhere between the fifth and sixth swing, she died. At least I hope she did. 

When he was done, The man in the hockey mask left the machete in her skull much to the sick delight of the chat. 

The stream ended shortly after.

I cried until my chest hurt. I prayed that was the end… The horrible sickening end…

It wasn’t.

X  messaged me again. Said I had one more task to complete to prove they could trust me. Said unlike the last one, it would be “fun.”

When I read X’s final task, I couldn’t help but look up from the computer screen and towards Conner’s wall. The gas mask and the knife were both staring back at me.

“You know what to do.” X said.

That night, Conner came home like nothing was wrong. Headphones on. Heavy metal Music blasting. He barely looked at me as I watched TV in the living room.

Later, from my room, I heard him settle in. The familiar clicks of his keyboard. The same browser opening. The hum of his music, still blasting in his ears.

Another message arrived for him. I saw it reflected faintly off the window as I stood behind his door.

“Ready for the show?” It was from X.

I picked up the knife on the wall behind Conner as he typed his response.

“Always.” Conner replied. 

When the stream loaded, Conner didn’t understand. He saw on the screen his own face. Confused. Then as he came to realize what was going on, afraid…very…very afraid.

A message popped up.

“Great, because tonight you’re the star!” 

X’s message caused Conner to rip out his earphones and turn around to see me standing right behind him. I was wearing the gas mask holding his favorite knife that he loved to imply was used on Holocaust victims. 

I won’t lie to you all, X was right. I did have fun.
Title: I never got Christmas presents. So I went to the North Pole to confront Santa.

When I was twelve, I didn’t get anything for Christmas.

I’d hung a sock by the fireplace like every other kid, heart pounding with hope. I’d been good that year. Hell, I even saved an ant from drowning that afternoon, thinking it might count for something. I went to bed with a whole list burning in my head, certain Santa would finally show up.

Next morning I shot out of bed earlier than ever and sprinted to the living room.

The sock was still empty. Exactly how I’d left it.

My mom shrugged and said maybe Santa got lost. I didn’t cry or throw a tantrum. I just promised myself I’d be extra good next year.

I cleaned my room obsessively. Helped my little sister with her homework like a saint. Didn’t bully a single kid for months. That Christmas I left out imported Swiss milk and the most expensive cookies I could find.

Nothing.

By fourteen I started taking it personally. By fifteen I was furious. While other kids bragged about new bikes and game consoles, I stood under an empty tree with one thought looping in my head: Santa is a fucking fraud.

That Christmas night I wrote my own list. Much shorter than his. A lot more personal.

It only had one name:

1. The Fat Red Bastard.

I stopped pretending after that.

While everyone else strung up lights and sang carols, I did push-ups in a blue Christmas hat. I didn’t put up a tree. I planted a bamboo pole in the living room and called it “Santa’s wife’s stripping pole.” I knitted a holiday sweater that read “FUCK CHRISTMAS.” Friends stopped inviting me to their parties once I started trying to recruit them into my Anti-Christmas Squad. I didn’t care. Why would they join? They actually got presents every year.

At seventeen I’d had enough.

I booked a flight to the North Pole using money I’d stolen from Christmas donation jars. Three years followed: raw fish, the same ratty tent, the same frozen clothes, the same curse looping in my head.

Then I found it. Abandoned factories, a dead wreath hanging from a rusted fence, one light still flickering in Toy Assembly Line B. I walked those halls like a detective investigating a crime scene where the crime was emotional neglect and the perpetrator wore red velvet.

That’s when I spotted the stack of redirected mail and overdue electricity bills. All forwarded to Las Vegas.

That fat bastard.

While I froze my ass off eating like a raccoon, he was sipping cocktails and sleeping with hookers in air-conditioned suites.

The trail was easy to follow after that. Bills, old forwarding addresses, cargo manifests. Everything pointed south.

Turns out Santa had gone off-grid five years earlier. He liquidated the reindeer stables, sold the sleigh technology to Amazon for their drone patents, and shut down the toy division after the elves unionized and tried to storm HR with glitter grenades.

The man hadn’t vanished. He’d retired.

I chased leads through duty-free slips, sketchy motel registries, and one very drunk elf in Bangkok who swore he’d seen “the boss” dancing at a strip club called Tinsel Tits.

Finally, a tip from a disgruntled reindeer wrangler: “Sierra Casino, Las Vegas. Room 611. Never leaves. Just drinks and watches reruns.”

I stared at that address for a long time.

Three years in the Arctic Circle for this.

I caught a red-eye flight wearing nothing but my coat and a Christmas hat soaked in spite. I walked through the neon haze of the Strip and took the elevator to the sixth floor.

Room 611 reeked of cigar smoke and cheap peppermint air freshener. Santa sat in an armchair, eyes fixed on a muted Wheel of Fortune. He looked up like he’d been expecting me. He wasn’t fat anymore. Just an old man with sunken eyes and a limp Santa hat that had lost all its fluff.

“You found me,” he said. “Took you long enough.”

“You owe me, you old fuck,” I snapped.

He let out a dry, hollow laugh. “Ah, nostalgia.” He took a slow drag from his Montecristo cigar. “Sit down. We’ve got a lot to talk about.”

He wasn’t the original Santa. He’d been a kid who never got anything either. One day some old Indian guy found him, handed him a sleigh key, and said, “You’re Santa now.” He’d been stuck with the job ever since. Running factories quietly relocated to China, delivering gifts to children, keeping the Christmas spirit alive like some overzealous pastor.

“What happens now?” I asked.

He leaned forward and slid a dusty folder across the table. “Your turn.”

Inside were the deeds to the factories, workshop blueprints, sleigh schematics, and a business card that read: CEO – Claus Inc.

For a moment I was twelve again. Lying in bed, heart pounding, dreaming of a gift that never came.

Maybe this was my chance. Maybe I could become the Santa I never had. Make sure no kid ever felt as invisible as I did.

But then I remembered every empty morning. Every forced smile that vanished in January.

That night I picked up the phone and called Disney.

I sold the whole damn thing. Factories, lore, sleigh, even the elf labor rights. Three hundred billion a year. Forever.

I bought a penthouse in Calabasas and a rice cooker that plays jazz when it finishes. I sleep like a baby in Armani sheets surrounded by Egyptian cotton.

Every now and then, between hookers and high-grade weed, I wonder if I did the right thing.

Those poor kids are still waiting. Still writing letters. Still dreaming of some fat man who will never show.

But I had nothing once, and I turned out fine.

Nah. Screw that. I turned out filthy rich.

So hate me if you want. It’s Anti-Christmas now. Forever.

And hey. If you want in, there’s still some Anti-Christmas Squad merch available. Proceeds go straight to my bank account.

Be the Santa you never had.

Or cash out.

That’s what I did.
Title: I was kidnapped by a man who thought he could keep me forever. I never thought I would be able to do what I did to escape. - Part 2

[Part 1](

CW: Abusive content

When I finally awoke, it wasn’t gentle. It was violent and sudden, as my consciousness snapped back into reality. Air rushed into my lungs in a single, desperate gasp. It felt like I’d been hit by a truck. I struggled to breathe, scrambling to keep pace with my panicked thoughts. My body felt heavy, as if some invisible force were pinning me down.

For a moment, I thought I was still in the car. But as my senses slowly returned, I could see that this situation was far worse. I was in a basement, or at least that’s what it felt like. The place was incredibly dark, almost pitch black. The only light came from a single bulb dangling overhead, flickering as if it were barely getting any power.

I blinked hard, trying to clear the haze from my vision. When I tried lifting my hand to rub my eyes, something jerked it back down, stopping it about a foot from my face. I looked down to see what had caught me, still blinking away the haze. I could see something blurry and indistinguishable wrapped around my wrist. I looked down at my other hand, noticing that it was caught in the same way.

As my vision sharpened, the blurry shapes resolved, and the realization hit me, sending a fresh surge of panic through my already tattered mind.

My wrists were shackled with heavy chains. Thick iron links held me fast against the brick wall at my back, the metal pulled so tight it cut into my skin, crushing any chance I thought I had of breaking free. I yanked and struggled anyway, desperate and shaking, only to feel the chains bite down harder. With each attempt, the unforgiving metal bit down, tearing off strips of skin, leaving thin streams of blood trailing down the brick and onto the cold concrete floor.

I eventually stopped fighting, letting the chains go slack as I tried to conserve what little energy I had left. I rested my head against the cold brick, feeling the adrenaline drain away and my senses creeping back one by one. That’s when the smell hit me.

A putrid, rotting stench permeated the air, heavy with mildew and a dampness that clung to everything, including my skin. It crawled up the back of my throat, forcing me to gag, but I swallowed it down, not daring to make a sound.

I had no idea where I was or whether he was still nearby, but I wasn’t going to give him a reason to come back. Whether it was a blessing or a curse, I was alone for now.

Swallowing back the intense urge to vomit, I let my eyes drift across the room, scanning every fetid inch of the place. I noticed a slot in the wall next to me. The doors were made of metal, rusted and weathered by time, but they seemed as though they had been used recently. It wasn’t large, maybe only concealing a foot of space behind them. I figured it was probably a chute for his dirty laundry. From the looks of the place, it wouldn’t have surprised me in the least.

Squinting through the dim light, my eyes caught something across the room. There was a door on the far wall. It was old, made of wood that was splintering at the edges, like it had been petrified down there. The panels sagged unevenly, warped, and streaked with mold.

A thick, black fungus clung to the base, traveling upward through the grain, like veins through flesh. Deep gouges marred the lower half, as if something hard and sharp had struck it repeatedly.

It didn’t take long for me to realize that this door might be the source of my salvation… and my damnation.

It couldn’t have been but a couple of minutes before the sound of heavy footsteps thundered down the corridor. My eyes snapped back to the door as adrenaline-soaked panic tore through me, raising every hair on my skin.

I couldn’t see him yet, but I could feel him. A dark, foreboding presence pressed in closer with each echoing step.

I barely had time to sit up before the door creaked open and he stepped into the room. My skin crawled the moment I saw him, his face still wearing that same sick, curling smile. His clothes were the same, ragged and stained, but his eyes were sharper now, bright with what looked like an eager anticipation, like he’d been waiting for this particular moment his entire life. His gaze slowly rolled over me, assessing his prize.

Seemingly satisfied with what he saw, he spoke.

"Good. You're awake," he said, his voice relaxed and calm, as if this were a completely normal conversation.

"I was starting to worry you wouldn’t wake up. But you seemed like a tough one. I figured you’d come around. You’ve got some fight in you, Emily. I like that in a woman."

Hearing my name slide off his lips made me want to vomit. He had taken everything from me, including my name. I wanted to curse, fight, anything, but I couldn’t. My mouth was so dry that it had tightened my throat, preventing my vocal cords from functioning. My chest felt shallow, my lungs still straining to pull in enough air to breathe properly. I could do nothing but glare at him, my words stuck somewhere between my mind and my mouth.

"Don’t bother struggling,” he said, looking down at me, like he could read my thoughts. “You’re not going anywhere. Not yet anyhow.”

He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small knife, holding it up in front of me to make sure I saw it. My breath caught in my throat as he took a step closer. The dim light skimmed across the blade, sending a sharp pain through my head.

It wasn’t large, but he handled it with such casual ease that my whole body trembled in fear. He twirled it between his fingers effortlessly, like a familiar toy. I could feel the intensity grow in the room with every movement.

“You see, Emily,” he continued, his voice low and smooth, “I don’t really like to hurt people. But when they don’t listen, and especially when they’re difficult, they need to be put back in line. Understand?”

He stepped closer, then crouched down until his eyes were level with mine. My heart hammered in my chest as I instinctively pulled against the chains, trying to push myself as far away from him as I could get.

‘Please,’ I silently begged in my mind, ‘Please, no.’

I wanted to shout, but the words stayed locked inside me. I was completely trapped.

His smile widened as he lowered the blade from my face.

“I’m going to be kind to you. I promise I am,” he said, staring into my eyes. “But you’re going to need to learn. You’re going to have to understand how things work around here.”

I flinched as he suddenly rose, his fingers grazing my cheek on the way up. It was the gentlest touch, but in my mind, it felt like a razor blade dragging across my skin. My body screamed to pull away, but I could barely move.

He reached out and cupped my jaw, forcing my head to tilt upward. His face hovered inches from mine, so close that I could see every detail in his face.

His skin, so sickly pale, looked as if it had been completely drained of all warmth. Thin, purple veins snaked across his temples and neck, pulsing subtly as if some alien fluid flowed through them. Worst of all, his cracked, colorless lips twisted upward into that same grotesque, misshapen smile, sending waves of nausea across my stomach. Though I badly wanted to, I dared not look away. I was frozen in terror, forced to stare into his soulless eyes.

He pulled back slightly, grinning with amusement.

“I don’t hurt the ones who make it easy,” he said softly. “But when they make it hard... well, that just makes it a little more fun for me.”

I felt my stomach twist as his words slithered around my mind like a parasite, digging in to feed on my fear.

The knife in his hand caught the dim light, glinting sharply across my face, a cold, silent reminder of what would happen if I didn’t obey.

Suddenly, he lunged forward. I barely had time to register his movement before a hot, searing pain ripped across my cheek. The blade sank in, carving a line of fire through my skin. I could feel the warm blood beginning to flow across my cheek in thick, sticky rivulets, slowly rolling down my neck and onto my shirt. I gasped, my eyes wide in shock. He was just there, the blade slicing through my skin so fast, so effortlessly that I couldn’t have stopped it if I wanted to.

Blood pooled in my mouth, thick and metallic as it flowed down my face. I summoned everything within me to keep from gagging, fighting to stay calm and bury the pain. I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of seeing me break.

Smiling widely, he stepped back to admire his handiwork.

“See? That wasn’t so bad, was it?” he asked sarcastically. “It’s just a little cut. It’ll heal. In a few days, you won’t even remember it.”

He was right. The sharp, throbbing pain in my cheek was already fading beneath something far worse. The creeping realization that this was only the beginning settled heavily in my mind. If this was ‘not so bad,’ I couldn’t begin to imagine what he would do to someone who made it ‘difficult.’

“Now,” he said, looking down at the blood on his fingers, “let’s see how long it takes for you to learn.”

He casually pulled out a white handkerchief from his pocket and began wiping my blood from his blade and hands before tucking it away again.

I wanted to scream or to fight, but I couldn’t. It wouldn’t do any good anyway. The chains were too tight, and my body was already trembling too hard to be of any use to me. Sheer and absolute terror rooted me in place.

“Please,” I whispered, my voice crackling and weak. “Please don’t do this to me.”

He stood there, motionless, staring at me with those cold, empty eyes. For a moment, maybe a fraction of a second, I thought I saw something shift behind them. I noticed the slightest flicker of humanity spark within him. But just as quickly as it had shown, it vanished, swallowed by the vast, empty darkness he had become.

“I’m going to take good care of you, Emily,” he said, his voice soft once again. “You just need to learn your place, and it will all be fine.”

It sounded gentle, but I could hear the darkness behind it, the threat buried underneath.

I now knew what he was capable of. I’d seen the way his eyes darkened the moment the knife appeared. I saw the way he looked at me, not like a person, but like a thing, something to be broken. Twisted. Owned.
Title: NEVER call your phone number backwards - part 2

Part 1:

[

 
I didn't sleep yesterday night. I mean, how could you rest when a real-life nightmare is playing out in front of you. It wasn't like I was entirely alert and conscious either. I would drift off into these micro-naps, or whatever you call them, 2 minutes or less of completely zoning out, and after waking from these mini-trances, I would see myself standing in the corner of my room. I shrugged it off as "just seeing things", even though something deep inside me knew that the figure was real. Something from another realm slipping into my universe. My home. My bedroom. 

 
I spent pretty much all day googling. Looking up "phone number backwards challange" gave me results from tech support websites with advice on changing your phone number or something like that. So I scrolled deeper and found an old forum. CreepyCreepies.net. There was a post on it. One from 2015, made by Victoria879. I recognized that username. Rachel's older sister who went missing after a supposed psychotic break. She had a YouTube channel, on which she went by the same name, and posted videos mostly consisting of makeup and fashion tips. I know, because Rachel showed it to me on her birthday last year. She would be 25 if she were alive today. Anyways, here is her post:

 
So, I decided to try this challange in which you call your phone number backwards. Apparently, it's supposed to do something weird and cause some sort of curse from an alternate universe, I guess... But nothing happened, at least for now. I'm safe, haven't seen anything odd yet, hehe :)

 
After reading the post, my heart sank. I understood why Rachel, the "brave one" didn't do the challange. She lost her sister to it. That "psychotic break" wasn't a psychotic break at all. It was real all along, and it's happening to me right now. I went to her profile to see more. The last thing she posted was a picture. Of a figure that looked like her in the backyard, captioned with 3 terryfying words: THIS. ISN'T. ME. Posted on the same day she went missing, December 3, 2015. I scrolled down. A video of her mirror being out of sync. A post asking if seeing your face in a crowd is normal. All of these things lined up with what was happening to me, and pretty much my entire friendgroup. 

 
I FaceTimed Rachel. Apparently, she thought that this was the silly kind of FaceTime, because she was wearing her unicorn pajamas while in full clown makeup (she's a makeup artist, so she does these kinds of looks as a hobby). But unfortunately, it was the serious kind. 

 
Soo... remember your sister Victoria? - I asked.

Yeah, how could I forget her? She's my angel sis! - She replied, clearly not yet understanding the severity of the situation.

She, um... did the same challange...that I did... - I asked hesitantly, not wanting to trigger her.

I know...That's why I didn't try it. Everyone says it's psychosis, but it's more. It's REAL - She replied.

Well, I just found some new, very uh...convincing evidence - I turned my phone towards the laptop, showing her the things she posted. 

 
Oh... I haven't seen that before...And that picture of her...WAIT... it's not her...It's the TWIN. I remember seeing her face in places it wasn't supposed to be when I was 6, when she had her "psychotic break". It happened once or twice, but wasn't as... intense, I guess... - I hung up on her. My mom was calling me from downstairs. 

 
"Sweetie, are you OK? I made gingerbread cookies, do you wanna decorate them with your younger brother?"

 
I came downstairs crying. I hugged her so tight. I couldn't put into words what was happening. She didn't ask. How can I explain this whole thing to her? I feel like she deserves to know.
Title: We got stranded in a snowstorm driving home for Christmas. There was something else hiding in the snow.

Darkness swiftly stretched across the snowbound landscape, held only at bay by the spaced-out streetlights flashing by in a low frequency blink. I sat in the front passenger seat, my eyes glued lazily to the window as I barely held onto my waking thoughts in a mix of monotony and comfortable boredom. In the cupholder sat a long since cold cup of coffee my dad had bought a few towns over in a foolish attempt at staying alert.

We’d already been driving for twelve hours, and we’d be driving throughout the night till the early morning hours to reach our destination in one go, managing to avoid spending money on a motel. My dad was stubborn like that, only willing to cash out on services he deemed necessary. Comfort was a luxury. Had it still been warm outside, he’d have insisted on sleeping in the car, knowing fully well that he’d wake up to an aching back. Arguing this point to him would, of course, have been a futile task.

I turned in my seat, momentarily dozing off. I’d always loved the feeling of sleeping in a moving car only to wake up at an entirely new destination. It held an odd sense of peace and comfort to let my dad take care of the journey, as if nothing bad could happen whenever he was in control. I listened to the whirring sounds of the engine, and the radio faintly playing a segment of the mystery show “Unheard,” recounting the story of the “Baikonur Missing Cosmonauts of 1993.”

A mild bump in the road then shook me awake, signaling that we’d made it past the city to once again drive across endless country roads, through fields and forests. The streetlamps that had illuminated the path ahead were gone, leaving us with nothing but our car’s high beams to lead the way.

The farmer’s fields were quickly replaced by dense forests on each side of the road, glistening snow covering each branch, glittering in the dark night. A small, makeshift parking bay appeared a little way up ahead. My dad pulled into it, putting the car in park as he announced that he needed to take a leak, an urge I shared after driving nonstop for the past seven hours since our last stop.

We took a few steps into the woods, forming fresh footprints in the thus far untouched snow and stood side by side separated by a tree as we took care of business. A frisk breeze shot through the trees, unsettling snow in the trees above, which subsequently came pummeling down onto my head, slipping in under my jacket as the snow quickly melted against my skin. My dad let out a chuckle, to which I responded with a freshly formed snowball tossed towards his head. A quick, but hectic snowball fight ensued, ending with a decisive victory in my favor, though I suspected my dad had let me win.

By the time we returned to the car the skies above had turned overcast with a thick layer of dark clouds. Specks of white appeared before us, signaling that the clouds had already decided to let their first snowflakes fall down to the ground.

“Storm’s coming,” my dad stated matter-of-factly as if he had hidden foresight. “We better get going before it starts.”

No sooner had we gotten back on the road, than the few flakes had turned into heavy, but direct snowfall. Though the roads had been cleared a couple of days prior, it wouldn’t take long for the asphalt to turn into a slippery mess. Still, we kept pushing, knowing better than to let ourselves get snowed in here in the middle of nowhere.  

The wind picked up, shooting white specs of snow towards our windshield, lowing our visibility to near zero. We slowed down, desperately trying to keep the road in sight. Minutes passed, and the path ahead quickly faded away into a white sheet, we were left no choice but to slow down to a crawl. Even then, we’d hit the edge of the road, barely able to swerve back onto the slippery asphalt.

“We should stop,” I begged.

“If we stop here, we ain’t going to be able to get moving again,” my dad argued.

But it wouldn’t matter, because before we could get a chance to argue about our predicament, we came to a gliding halt as the snow ahead had piled up to levels far exceeding what our car could traverse.

“Fuck!” my dad yelled out of frustration before quickly catching himself. “Sorry, didn’t mean to say that.”

But the damage had already been done. My dad was a stoic man never resorting to profanity unless reaching his absolute limit. With a single word, he’d let it slip that he was no longer in control, and that fact terrified me more than anything that could have happened on the road.

“We should turn around,” I suggested, worry clearly present in my voice.

“It’s no use. The roads aren’t going to get better in the other direction either. We’re in too deep.”

He pulled his cellphone out of the glove compartment and turned it on a hopeless effort at calling for help, but this far away from the nearest city we were out of luck. There wasn’t a single bar of signal to reach civilization.

“What are we going to do?” I asked.

“It’s going to be alright,” he said as reassuringly as he could. “Your grandparents know we’re coming. Once they realize we’re not there, they’ll know we’re stuck on the road. They’ll send someone, I’m sure of it.”

“How do you know?” I asked not demanding an explanation, but further reassurance.

“Trust me, I’ve known your grandparents a lot longer than you have. We’ll be fine as long we make it through the night. But it’s going to be cold, so I’m going to need you to get dressed, alright?”

His trademark confidence calmed me down a little. After all the stories he’d told me about the perils he’d endured, surely, he’d know how to keep us safe. I did as my dad had ordered and put on several layers of clothes taken out of my suitcase in the trunk. Though we had little in terms of supplies, there were enough snacks back there to keep us satiated through the night. I dug through the luggage, the presents for my grandparents, and carefully put aside my dad’s prized hunting rifle.

“Don’t worry. If we get stuck here for more than a day, I’ll go hunt something for us to eat,” he joked, “but we’re going to be out of here by tomorrow. We just have to stay put until someone comes to get us.”

We turned the car off, still kept warm by the residual heat that dissipated minute by minute. Even our presence within the car cabin alone kept the heat trapped inside, if only for a short time. I tried to sleep, hoping that the roads would clear up during my slumber, allowing me to wake up in a completely new location as I had first anticipated. My dad, stubborn as he was, would stay awake, intermittently checking his phone in case a signal could get through. Whenever the temperature dropped too low and I so much as shivered, he´d restart the engine just for long enough to heat up the car, keeping a close look at the fuel gauge.

Despite our troubling predicament, I once again felt safe in his presence, enough so that I managed to fall into a deep sleep full of bizarre dreams about forest giants and snow trolls, triggered by the sounds of howling wind and snow pounding against our car.

I awoke again to my dad opening the driver´s seat door to get outside. He turned to me, shovel in hand, “stay put, I´m just going to clear the exhaust pipe,” he explained.

The door had only been open for all of seven seconds, but it had been enough to drastically drop the temperature inside. He held up a flashlight to assess our situation, its beam prominently displayed by the incessant snow fall, though only able to penetrate it for all of five feet.

He got to work slowly clearing the exhaust pipe of snow, stopping us from getting suffocated by the carbon monoxide gas, but it wouldn´t clear the road, and within a couple of hours, he´d have to clear the way again. He then cleared a narrow path between the growing layer of snow and the passenger seat door, allowing both of us to quickly get out of the car in case we needed to leave.

Once the job had been done, he got back into the car and started the engine to once again heat up the interior. His hands shivered from the cold, and he looked worried, though he´d never admit to such. He again ordered me to try to get some rest while he stayed awake to make sure that we wouldn´t get buried in the snow.

Again, I fell to slumber, though it had turned to an uneasy once as I had started to notice that even my dad might not be equipped to keep us safe overnight.

Then the door opened once more. Only an hour had passed that time, and yet again my dad needed to get out to clear the exhaust pipe, car roof, and doors. It took more time then, both due to exhaustion and due to worsening weather conditions.

I kept my eyes and ears peeled, praying silently that someone might already come to our rescue. The road ahead, now completely invisible under the snow, remained dark. The howling wind had picked up, and apart from the scraping of my dad´s shovel and thumps of tossed snow, there was nothing else to be heard.

But then we heard something. Faint at first, barely cutting through the storm, but definitely a contrast to the monotonous cacophony we´d suffered under so far. I contemplated opening my door to get a better listen, but before I could make that decision, my dad jumped back into the car and told me to stay quiet. He looked pale as a sheet. It wasn´t just from the cold; there was something else subtly present in his eyes: utter terror.

“What was that—”

“Quiet!” he whispered aggressively without explaining what he´d heard.

I froze in place; my eyes fixed on the storm before us. My heart pounded, but I kept focused, trying to hear the sound again.

“Please, help me!” a desperate voice called out through the storm, impossibly loud. But it differed from the sound I’d heard before. Though I couldn’t precisely place it, I knew it hadn’t been a voice.

It once again prompted my dad to get out of the vehicle, his fear turned to determination to save whoever else might be trapped in the storm with us.

“Hello, is there anyone out there?” he called as he waves his flashlight back and forth as if to signal any lost souls on the road.

“Stop it, please!” the voice called out, getting even closer.

That time it sounded different, like it had come from a different person. It was distorted by the storm, making it impossible to decern whether it came from a man or woman.

“Where are you?” dad called out again.

“Help me!” the voice repeated, not acknowledging our presence, sounding even stranger than it had before.

“I can´t see you. Just follow the light!” he went on, still waving his flashlight around.

“Oh, God, no!” the voice went on, even closer then.

Something was wrong, though I couldn´t explain what, I could feel it deep inside me. Whatever had called for help had awoken a primal instinct within me, one I hadn´t felt that far during my eleven years of life, and it was telling me to run.

“Dad, get back in the car!” I pleaded, but he had stepped too far away from the car. He couldn´t hear me.

I opened the passenger side door and stepped outside, calling for my dad once more. In the distance I could just barely see his flashlight waving through the air.

“Help me!” the voice called outside, jarring and unnaturally loud. It didn´t even attempt to sound human anymore.

“Over here!” my dad responded.

“Dad, come back!”

Then, as if a switch had been flicked, the pleas for help turned to a relentless, ear-shattering scream. It sounded as if it came from above us, from something too tall to ever be considered human. I cried out for my dad once more, but he didn´t respond.

“Dad, please!” I begged.

The beam of his flashlight hung still in the air for a moment, before suddenly starting to spin as if the flashlight had been tossed. Worried that my dad might have been taken by the creature, I prepared to set off and chase after him, but no sooner had I taken one step into the darkness than something pulled me back into the car.

“Close the door!” my dad ordered.

I did as commanded and closed and locked the door.

“What happened?”

“Shh!”

Using his hands, he gestured for me to stay low. He turned off the headlights and everything inside the car, plunging us into absolute darkness. We lay there for minutes, listening intently for signs of life outside.

Once I just started to believe that the coast might be clear, the silence was shattered by another guttural scream that sent shivers down my spine. I dug myself deeper into the seat, hoping it might somehow keep me safe from whichever horrors were to come, but against all odds, whatever lurked outside didn´t seem to know where we were.

“What is it?” I whispered.

“I don´t know,” my dad whispered back, “just try to stay quiet.”  

The interior of the car remained completely dark except for a small digital clock on the dashboard that stated that we´d just made it past three in the morning. Even if we survived until the break of day, it would take hours for anyone to realize we were gone much less find us, and attempting to flee on foot would undoubtedly lead to our deaths either by the environment or by the monster outside.

With no other option, we remained hidden inside the car, counting the minutes as the snow continued to bury us. Unable to use the car´s engine to heat up the car lest we alert the monster, the temperature slowly sank to below zero. Even if we weren´t found by the monster, we might not survive the cold. My dad wrapped his arms around me in an attempt at keeping me warm, but at that point I doubted he could feel his arms anymore.

“It’s going to be okay, Matty. I promise,” he whispered, “I’ll get us out of here.”

The screaming persisted throughout the next couple of hours, getting closer at first, but always going in the wrong direction, circling us again and again. At that point, our car was covered in a layer of snow deep enough so that the monster could only find us if he stepped directly on top of us. As the morning hours neared, the storm also appeared to have calmed, but the temperature’s had dropped to depths cold enough that should we fall asleep, we might not wake up again. Despite the fear I felt, my body was about to shut down. No matter how much I tried to fight it, I was just lingering on the brink of consciousness.

“Hey, Matty, stay awake,” my dad whispered as he shook me.

“I’m so cold,” I stuttered in an exhausted response.

Another scream could be heard in the distance, a bit further away that time. This was the only chance we would get. If we didn’t act fast, the cold would kill us before the monster did.

“We’re going to have to warm up the car, but I need to clear the exhaust pipe again, okay?”

With both doors trapped behind piles of snow, my dad opted to crawl to the back of the car, guided only by the lights of the dimmest of curtesy lamps, and open the trunk from inside. Since it would open upwards, he might be able to get enough leverage to push it against the snow covering the top. He crawled over the suitcases, holding onto the shovel. He then paused for a moment, his gaze lingering on the hunting rifle. Not knowing what we were up against, we had no way of knowing the rifle would be powerful enough to serve as means of defense, but should it come to a direct confrontation, we didn’t have any other viable options.

He loaded the rifle while lying flat inside the car and put it to the side for easy access as he pushed the trunk open. He then proceeded to dig out as much snow as he could without standing up tall enough to be discovered by the creature. Once the exhaust had been cleared, he grabbed onto the rifle and signaled for me to turn on the engine. The lights had already been turned to their “off” position, but even though the car wouldn’t light up significantly, the engine would still make a sound.

The engine whirred to life, but rather than climb back inside, my dad remained outside, rifle in hand. In the dark he couldn’t possibly see the thing from a distance, meaning by the time he’d got it in his sight, it would most likely be too late to pull the trigger.

Seconds after turning on the car, a horrendous, continuous scream cut through the air, getting louder as the monster was rapidly approaching our location. My dad fired a shot into the darkness, guided by nothing more than the sounds of the screaming. He then fired again, and again, preparing to get off a fourth shot as something stepped onto the roof of our car, bending it inwards. I dove down to avoid having my skull caved in, losing sight of my dad who had remained outside. He let out a pained yelp as his rifle fell to the ground with a soft thud. As I lifted my head to get a peek at what was going on I could just see something wrapped around my dad’s legs, pulling him up into the air as his screams mixed with those of the tall creature.

I wanted to call out for him, but I knew better than to give away my position just to get taken like my dad. So, I crawled through the damaged car in silence, attempting to reach for the rifle that had fallen into the snow. Though I hadn’t ever been allowed to hold a firearm, I had been thoroughly lectured on its safety.

I made it through the trunk, crawling outside into the snow. The storm had subsided, and the skies had cleared, revealing a near full moon that cast a dim, white light upon the snowbound landscape. Above the car stood the creature, holding my dad’s leg in one, twisted arm. It stood at least ten feet tall, its silhouette contrasting starkly against the night sky. Antler-looking protrusions emerged from its shoulders, while its head appeared almost fused to its torso, its face indiscernible in the darkness. It stuffed my dad’s leg into its mouth, closing down on it with teeth sharp enough to tare straight through the flesh. Having no time left to lose, I picked the rifle up, pointed it in the creature’s general direction, and pulled the trigger.

A loud bang reverberated through the night, leaving me deaf for a moment. I found myself on the ground, having been shoved down by the rifle’s recoil. The shot had hit the creature, distracting it enough to let my dad fall into a pile of snow, but it didn’t appear wounded. All I had achieved was to redirect its attention to me, and I had nowhere left to run.

The creature gazed down at me, bending down close enough so that I could see its face reflected in the moonshine. It had large, round eyes, pitch black and empty, and a large gash for a mouth filled with rough, pointed teeth that extended for rows upon rows inwards. For a moment it just observed me, almost as if impressed with the fight I had put up.

“Matty!” I heard my dad yell, but it wasn’t enough to distract the creature from its next victim. It began reaching out its hand, and I couldn’t even yell as my own life neared its sudden end.

“Leave him alone!” my dad yelled as he rolled down from the pile of snow. He grabbed onto the rifle, quickly cycled it before firing off another shot, this time hitting the creature directly in its eye.

The impact was enough to send it into a fit of agonizing rage, but the pain also distracted it for long enough to allow my dad to push me in under the car, before he himself climbed under it. The creature, having lost sight of us, let out one final guttural scream, before leaving the car to search for us down the road, blinded in one eye and oblivious to our hiding spot directly under the car.

Only once we were sure it had left the area, did we climb back into the still running car, carefully closing the trunk. The moon was about to set, giving way to a new day, but we weren’t safe yet. A large chunk of my dad’s leg had been bitten off, and he was quickly losing blood. He tried to use his own belt as a tourniquet, and though it slowed the bleeding, he needed immediate medical attention.

“Someone will come,” he promised.

“How do you know?” I asked.

“You just got to trust me on this one, you just have to hang in there. You’ll be fine.”

“What about you?”

“I’m not going anywhere, I promise.”

But hours later no one had come, and my dad had fallen into a deep sleep from which I couldn’t wake him. I lay my head on his chest and cried, knowing he’d soon be dead and there was nothing I could do to save him. Then the engine came to a pathetic stall, leaving me alone in absolute silence. The first rays of sunshine dared peek over the horizon, dancing among the snow-covered trees. If not for the horrors I’d endured, it would have been a beautiful morning.

Finally, I exited the car to see if the road would lead anywhere, but it all looked identical under the thick layer of snow. I wouldn’t know which way to take even had I had a map to guide the way.

In the distance, I could see something shifting among the trees, and a faint whirring sound approaching our car. Five snowmobiles emerged from the tree line, having spotted me from afar. I jumped up and down and waved to them for help. They were wearing bright orange outfits, with crosses on their backs. They immediately halted around our car and tended to my unconscious dad while one of them wrapped me in an orange heat shield. He tried to ask me what had happened, but I was too deep in shock to respond. All I could do was to look at them in shock while they loaded my dying father onto a stretcher, preparing to take him to a hospital. Using what little I had left of my cognitive function, I tried to warn them about the monster we’d fought off, but it all emerged as an incomprehensible word salad. They could respond by reassuring me that we were safe.

But after all we’d seen, I wasn’t sure I could believe them.

\*\*\*

Next thing I recall was waking up in a hospital bed, unharmed if not for the mild hypothermia I’d suffered. My grandmother sat by my bedside, sleeping in a chair. My dad was nowhere in sight. I cried for a moment, but she promised that everything would be fine. She explained that my dad had been taken in for surgery, and that they would have to remove his leg, but that he’d be otherwise fine.

She asked me what had happened, but I wasn’t sure I wanted to tell her before my dad was there to support my story, worried she would think I had lost my mind. She respected my wishes, reassuring me that I didn’t have to talk about anything until I felt ready. My only task was to focus on my recovery.

A couple of days later two men visited me in the hospital, casually dressed, but with strict expressions on their faces. They introduced themselves, but I couldn’t take note of their names. They asked me about what I’d seen in the snowstorm, but unlike my grandmother, they weren’t receptive to my refusal to talk without my dad present. I told them about the creature, and though they weren’t happy about it, they didn’t try to refute my experience. They only mentioned something about a “threshold event,” but didn’t elaborate any further. They explained to me that my dad needed to be taken in for further treatment at their own facility to rule out complications of the attack. I asked to be taken with him, but they refused, citing “infection risk” as the reason for denial. They tried to reassure me that they’d do everything they could to take care of my dad, but they didn’t come across it in a particularly genuine manner.

I was discharged from the hospital after five days of treatment and learned from my Grandparents that three other cars were stuck on the same road that night, only a few miles apart. The passengers of those cars were never found. They were reported missing the following morning, but I already know that they won’t be found.

It would take another two months before I got to see my dad again, two months which I spent at my grandparents’ place. When they finally let him go home, and though he was physically healthy apart from his missing leg, the mental toll had changed him. He spent the rest of the winter weeks staring out the window into the snow, only calming down once spring had taken over and melted away the snow. Even then he refused to talk about what we’d been through. Though he would acknowledge and confirm that the trauma we’d been through was real, he never dared go into detail.

\*\*\*

My dad died last year nineteen years after the event from unrelated illness. He never truly got over the trauma of that night in December of 2005, nor have I, but surviving the memories without the only person that was there to go through them with me has shattered the little progress I’ve made. The uncertainty of it all, and the lack of answers have left me unable to forget.

I’ll always remember my dad for the man he was, regardless of the events of that night. A man that would have done anything to keep me safe, full of life, determined, [and loyal.](
Title: I’ve been driving rigs for 15 years. Last month, I pulled into the wrong gas station, and I’m lucky to be alive.

Alright, I don't know where else to put this. I tried to file a report, and the look I got from the officer was one step away from asking me to take a breathalyzer. My company dispatcher thinks I was hallucinating from exhaustion. But I know what I saw. I know what almost happened. I've been driving rigs for fifteen years, and I've seen some strange things on the asphalt sea, but nothing… nothing like this. So I’m putting it here. A warning. For any of you guys running the long haul, or even just a family on a road trip, burning the midnight oil to make it to grandma’s by morning. If you see this place, you push that pedal to the floor and you don't look back. You run on fumes if you have to. It's better than the alternative.

It happened about three weeks ago. I was on a cross-country run, hauling a load of non-perishables. The kind of gig that's more about endurance than anything else. Just you, the hum of the Cummins diesel, and the endless ribbon of blacktop unwinding in your high beams. The section of highway I was on is notoriously empty. It's a dead zone. No radio signal worth a damn, no cell service for a hundred miles in either direction. It's the kind of place that makes you feel like you're the last person on Earth, a tiny capsule of light and noise moving through an infinite, silent void.

I'm usually pretty good with my fuel management. It's second nature after this long. But I'd been pushing it, trying to make up time I lost at the weigh station. The needle on the diesel gauge was kissing 'E' with a little too much affection. The low fuel light had been blinking patiently for the last twenty miles, a tiny orange beacon of my own stupidity. I started doing the math, calculating mileage, and a cold sweat started to prickle my neck. Getting stranded out here wasn't just an inconvenience; it was dangerous.

Just as a genuine knot of panic began to tighten in my stomach, I saw it. Up ahead, a faint, sickly yellow glow, bleeding into the oppressive darkness. It wasn't much, just a single light, but it was enough. As I got closer, the shape resolved itself. A small, single-story building with a low, flat roof and a short awning over a pair of fuel pumps. The sign was old, the kind with the plastic letters you can change by hand. A few letters were missing, so it read something like "_AS & _AT." The light I’d seen was coming from a single, flickering fluorescent bulb under the awning, which cast long, dancing shadows and made the whole place look like it was underwater.

Everything about it screamed ‘keep driving.’ The paint was peeling off the walls in long strips, like sunburnt skin. The pumps looked ancient, the kind with the rotating numbers instead of a digital display. The whole lot was cracked asphalt and weeds. But my gauge was now defiantly sitting on empty, and beggars can't be choosers. With a sigh that felt like it came from my boots, I geared down, the air brakes hissing in protest, and swung the big rig into the lot. The trailer tires crunched over loose gravel. I killed the engine, and the sudden silence was deafening, broken only by the hum of the fluorescent light and the faint, frantic chirping of crickets.

I climbed down from the cab, my legs stiff. The air was cool and smelled of dust and distant rain. Through the grimy plate-glass window of the station, I could see one person, a small figure standing behind a counter.

The bell above the door let out a weak, tinny jingle as I pushed it open. The inside smelled of stale coffee, dust, and something else… something vaguely metallic and sweet, like old pennies. The shelves were mostly bare. A few dusty cans of off-brand beans, a rack of sun-bleached chips, a cooler that hummed loudly but seemed to contain nothing but shadows. The only person there was an old woman.

She was tiny, almost bird-like, with a cloud of thin, white hair and a face that was a roadmap of wrinkles. She wore a faded floral-print dress and a grey cardigan pulled tight around her shoulders, even though it wasn't cold inside. The moment I stepped in, her head snapped up, and a wave of what I can only describe as profound relief washed over her features.

"Oh, thank heavens," she said, her voice thin and raspy, like dry leaves skittering across pavement. She put a trembling hand to her chest. "You gave me a start, but I'm so glad to see you. I get so nervous out here all by myself at night."

I gave her what I hoped was a reassuring nod. "No problem, ma'am. Just need to fill up the tanks."

"Of course, of course," she said, her eyes, which were surprisingly sharp and clear in her wrinkled face, darting to the window and back to me. "It's just… the silence, you know? It gets so loud out here when you're all alone."

I understood that. I really did. The loneliness of the road is a character all its own. "I hear you," I said, pulling out my company card. "It's a long way between towns on this stretch."

"Isn't it just," she breathed, her eyes fixed on me. "A long, long way. You headed east or west, dear?"

The question was normal enough. Gas station small talk. But the intensity in her gaze was a little off. "East," I said. "Got a load for the coast."

"The coast," she repeated, almost dreamily. "That's a good long drive. A real long drive. You must get awfully tired."

"Part of the job," I shrugged. I tapped the card on the counter. "Can I prepay for, say, two hundred on pump one?"

She didn't move to take the card. She just kept looking at me, her head tilted slightly. "Will you be stopping again soon? Before you get to the city?"

Okay, this was getting weird. "Probably not. Just want to get as many miles in as I can before sun-up."

"So no one's really… expecting you?" she asked, her voice dropping a little. "No one's waiting for you at a motel or anything like that? You're just… out here. On your own."

The way she said ‘on your own’ sent a little shiver down my spine. It was a statement. An observation. I felt a sudden, inexplicable urge to lie, to tell her my wife was waiting on the phone, that my dispatcher was tracking my every move. But the words caught in my throat. I just wanted to get my fuel and go.

"That's right," I said, my voice a little tighter than I intended. "Just me and the road. The pump, ma'am?"

She finally blinked, a slow, deliberate motion, and a thin smile stretched her lips. "Of course, dear. My apologies. My mind wanders." She took the card and ran it through the ancient machine, her gnarled fingers moving with a slow, deliberate pace.

As the machine was processing, the tinny bell above the door jingled again. I turned. A man had entered. He was tall and lean, with the kind of weathered, leathery skin you get from a life spent outdoors. He wore a dirty flannel shirt and worn-out jeans. He didn't look at me, just let his eyes roam over the empty shelves, a strange, hungry look on his face. He walked with a slight limp, his boots scuffing quietly on the linoleum floor.

He ambled up to the counter, standing a few feet away from me, and leaned in towards the old woman. He still didn't acknowledge my presence. It was like I was a piece of furniture.

"Anything come in?" he asked, his voice a low, gravelly rumble.

The old woman's smile tightened. She handed me my card back, but her eyes were on him. "Not yet," she said, her voice now carrying a different tone. It was businesslike. Colder. "Still waiting."

The man grunted, sniffing the air. "I'm getting hungry," he said, and turned his head and his eyes, dark and flat as river stones, flickered over me for a fraction of a second. They were completely devoid of emotion.

Then he looked back at the woman. "Any fresh meat?"

My blood went cold. The phrase hung in the dusty air, thick and greasy. It had to be a joke. Some kind of local slang. Maybe they sold deer jerky, or they were hunters. That had to be it. My tired brain was making connections that weren't there.

The old woman didn't miss a beat. She gave a tiny, almost imperceptible nod in my direction. My back was mostly to her, but I saw it in the reflection on the grimy cooler door.

"There's fresh meat on the way," she said, her voice a low murmur. "Just be patient."

The man grunted again, a sound of satisfaction this time, and turned and walked out. The bell jingled his departure. I stood there for a second, my heart hammering against my ribs. 'Fresh meat on the way.' A trucker. Headed east. No one expecting him. Alone.

"Your pump is all set, dear," the old woman said, her voice back to that frail, sweet tone. It was like she’d flipped a switch.

I couldn't get out of there fast enough. "Thanks," I mumbled, turning and pushing the door open so hard the bell clanked against the glass.

The night air felt good, but it didn't wash away the sudden, slimy feeling of dread that had coated my skin. I tried to shake it off. I was tired. Overreacting. They were just weird locals with a weird sense of humor. I walked over to the pump, unscrewed the caps on my tanks, and grabbed the heavy diesel nozzle.

As I stood there, the pump chugging away, my eyes scanned the darkness. My rig was the only vehicle in the front lot. But my senses were on high alert now, and I was noticing things my tired brain had initially filtered out. I let my gaze drift past the station, to the dark, gravel area behind it.

And that's when I saw it.

Tucked away in the shadows, almost perfectly hidden from the road, was a pickup truck. It was an old model, beat to hell, with a mismatched fender and a dull, rusted paint job. Its lights were off. It was just sitting there, silent and waiting. As my eyes adjusted to the gloom, I realized there was someone in the driver's seat, a silhouette against the slightly less black night sky.

A prickle of unease turned into a full-blown alarm bell in my head. Why park back there? Why with no lights?

Then, as I watched, another vehicle pulled in. It didn't come from the highway. It seemed to materialize from a dirt track that ran alongside the station. Another beat-up pickup, this one a dark blue, though it was hard to tell in the dim light. It coasted in just as silently as the first one, its engine a barely audible rumble before it was cut. It parked right next to the first one, also in the shadows, also with its lights off. Two men got out of that one, moving with a quiet purpose that was anything but casual. They didn't go into the station. They just leaned against their truck and waited, their faces obscured by the darkness.

I felt like I was watching a scene from a movie I didn't want to be in. The pieces started clicking into place with a horrifying, metallic certainty. 
The pump clicked off, the tank full. My hands were shaking as I hung up the nozzle and screwed the cap back on. My mind was racing. I had to get out of there. Now. I didn't even bother filling the second tank. To hell with the money. Every second I spent here felt like a lifetime borrowed on credit I didn't have.

I practically jogged back to my cab, my boots crunching loud in the terrible silence. I kept my eyes on the station, expecting the someone to come back out, or the guys from the pickups to start walking towards me. But nothing happened.

Just as my hand reached the handle of my truck door, the station door opened. It was the old woman. She was holding a steaming styrofoam cup.

"Oh, dear, you forgot this!" she called out, her voice carrying that same frail, grandmotherly tone. But it sounded grotesque to me now, a mask.

She started walking towards me, one slow, shuffling step at a time. "I made a fresh pot of coffee. You looked so tired, I thought you could use it. It's on the house. A little something to keep you awake on that long road."

My entire body screamed NO. Every instinct, every primal, self-preserving fiber of my being wanted me to get in the cab, lock the door, and lay on the horn until my hand broke.

But I was frozen. If I refused, what then? Would they just drop the act? Would the men from the trucks come out of the shadows? The charade, however thin, felt like the only thing keeping me alive right now. Playing along might buy me a few precious seconds.

She reached me, her hand trembling as she held out the cup. Or was it trembling? Looking closer, her hand was steady as a rock. It was the cup that was vibrating from the sloshing of the hot liquid. Her eyes, those piercingly clear eyes, were locked on mine. They weren't kind. They were expectant.

"You take this," she insisted, her voice dropping to a near-whisper. "It'll help you. You need to rest."

I took the cup. Her skin was cold and dry as paper where her fingers brushed mine. "Thank you, ma'am," I managed to choke out. The words felt like ash in my mouth.

"You're very welcome, dear," she said, that thin smile returning. "Drive safe now."

She turned and shuffled back to the station, disappearing inside. I didn't wait to watch the door close. I scrambled up into my cab, slammed the door, and hit the locks. My heart was a wild bird beating against my ribs. I jammed the key in the ignition and the diesel engine roared to life, shattering the night's silence. The coffee cup sat in my cup holder, radiating a sickening, artificial warmth. I didn't dare spill it. I didn't dare throw it out the window. I just left it there, a symbol of how close I'd come.

I put the truck in gear and pulled out of that godforsaken lot, my tires spitting gravel. I didn't look at the station in my side mirror. I looked at the mirror pointed towards the back of the station.

As I rolled onto the highway, two pairs of headlights flicked on in the darkness behind the building.

They pulled out after me, falling into formation about a quarter-mile back. They didn't speed up. They didn't flash their lights. They just followed. Two beat-up pickup trucks, the silent partners in this nightmare. My blood ran cold. This was it. The hunt was on.

My foot pressed the accelerator to the floor. The rig groaned, slowly picking up speed. 60. 70. 80. I was pushing it far beyond the safe limit, the trailer swaying slightly behind me. But every time I looked in the mirror, the two sets of headlights were still there, maintaining their distance, two pairs of predatory eyes in the black.

I grabbed my phone. Just as I suspected. No Service. I was completely and utterly alone.

The next few hours were the purest form of terror I have ever known. It wasn't a slasher-movie, jump-scare kind of fear. It was a slow, grinding, psychological horror. The road stretched on, an endless black void. There were no other cars. No exits. No signs of civilization. Just me, my roaring engine, and the two sets of lights behind me.

They were herding me. I knew it. They were patient. They knew this stretch of road. They knew there was nowhere for me to go. They were just waiting. Waiting for me to make a mistake. Waiting for my nerve to break. Or, if their original plan had worked, waiting for the drugs in the coffee to kick in and do the job for them. I glanced at the cup, still sitting there. I imagined myself getting drowsy, my eyelids feeling like lead, pulling over to the shoulder… I shook my head violently, forcing the image out.

My mind raced through scenarios. What did they want? The truck? The cargo? No. The man's words echoed in my head. ‘Fresh meat.’ It wasn't about my rig. It was about me.

I thought about slamming on the brakes, trying to get them to crash into my trailer. But they were keeping their distance, and what if I just jackknifed the rig? I'd be a sitting duck, trapped in a wreck. I thought about trying to call them on the CB, but what would I say? And what if they answered? The thought of hearing one of their voices crackle over the radio was somehow more terrifying than the silence.

So I just drove. I drove with my eyes glued to the road ahead and the mirror. My knuckles were white on the steering wheel. My body was drenched in a cold sweat. Every shadow on the side of the road was a new threat, every bend a potential ambush. The hum of the engine was my only ally. As long as it was running, I was moving. As long as I was moving, I was alive.

The night seemed to stretch into eternity. Time lost all meaning. There was only the road, the engine, the fear, and the lights. They never wavered, never got closer, never fell further behind. They were a constant, terrifying presence. A promise of what was waiting for me if I stopped.

Then, after what felt like a lifetime, I saw it. A faint, almost imperceptible lightening of the sky on the eastern horizon. At first, I thought my tired eyes were playing tricks on me. But it grew, a line of pale grey, then a soft, bruised purple. Dawn.

I didn't let myself feel hope. It felt too much like a trap. But as the sun began to properly crest the horizon, painting the desolate landscape in shades of orange and pink, something happened.

I looked in my mirror. The headlights behind me were gone.

I scanned the road behind me, my heart in my throat. The two pickup trucks were still there, but they were falling back. Rapidly. As the first rays of direct sunlight spilled over the plains and hit my windshield, I looked in the mirror one last time. The two trucks were making a sharp, synchronized U-turn in the middle of the empty highway, and speeding off in the direction we'd come from.

They were gone.

Just like that. The sunlight had saved me. It was like they were creatures of the dark, unable or unwilling to operate in the light of day where they could be seen, identified.

I drove for another ten miles, my body shaking with adrenaline and relief, before I finally pulled over. I killed the engine and the silence that rushed in was beautiful. It was the silence of survival. I sat there for a long time, watching the sun climb higher in the sky, just breathing. My eyes fell on the styrofoam cup. With a convulsive, angry movement, I snatched it, rolled down the window, and hurled it out into the desert. I watched it tumble into a ditch, a tiny, harmless-looking piece of white trash that held a death sentence.

I finished my haul. I delivered my load. I did it on autopilot, the terror of that night replaying in a constant loop in my head. I looked like hell, and my boss told me to take a few days off. The first thing I did was go to the state police barracks for the county where the station was.

I sat in a sterile interrogation room and told my story to a weary-looking officer with a thick mustache. I told him everything. The station, the old woman, her questions, the man, the phrase 'fresh meat', the trucks, the coffee, the chase. He wrote it all down, but the look on his face was one of polite, professional disbelief.

"So," he said, tapping his pen on his notepad. "You're saying this gas station, which isn't on any of our maps, by the way, is a front for some kind of… hunting party? And they chase truckers through the night?"

"I'm telling you what happened," I said, my voice tight. "That coffee was drugged. They were going to kill me."

"And you have this coffee?"

"I threw it out! I was terrified!"

He sighed. "Look, sir. You truckers drive long hours. The mind can play tricks on you when you're fatigued."

I insisted. I gave him the mile marker where I thought it was. I described the turnoff. I told him he had to check it out. To his credit, and probably just to shut me up, he agreed to humor me. He said he'd take a drive out there when he had a chance. I knew that meant never. So I pushed. I told him I'd ride with him. I'd show him the exact spot. After a long argument, he reluctantly agreed, probably thinking it was the fastest way to prove me crazy.

So the next day, I was in the passenger seat of his cruiser, driving back down that same dark stretch of highway, this time in the bright, unforgiving light of day. My stomach was in knots.

"It should be right up here," I said, my voice hoarse. "Around this bend."

We came around the bend, and there it was. The dirt turnoff. The cracked asphalt lot. The single-story building with the low, flat roof.

"See?" I said, a wave of vindication washing over me. "I told you."

The officer didn't say anything. He just pulled the cruiser into the lot and put it in park. We both got out.

The building was there. But it wasn't a gas station.

It was a derelict. A shell. The windows were boarded up from the inside, thick with cobwebs and grime. The door was hanging off one hinge, held shut by a rusty padlock. The sign that had read "_AS & _AT" was just a rusted metal frame, the plastic long gone. The pumps were there, but they were skeletal remains, their hoses rotted away, their metal casings pitted with rust and time. I walked over and looked at the dial. It was rusted solid. These things hadn't pumped a gallon of fuel in thirty years.

"This is it?" the officer asked, his voice flat.

I walked over to the building and peered through a crack in the boarded-up window. I expected to see the dusty shelves, the counter, the cooler.

There was nothing.

The inside was completely, totally empty. It was a single, hollow room. Bare floorboards, crumbling drywall. No counter. No shelves. No wiring for a cooler. There was a thick layer of dust on the floor that was completely undisturbed. No footprints. No sign that anyone had been inside for decades.

It was a ghost. An empty stage.

We checked the gravel lot behind the building. There were some old, faded tire tracks, but nothing fresh. Nothing to indicate two heavy pickup trucks had been sitting there just a few nights before.

The officer looked at me. The polite disbelief was gone. Now it was just pity. "Let's go, son," he said, gently.

I couldn't speak. I just stood there, staring at the hollow building, the empty pumps, the silent, sun-baked lot. It was real. I know it was. The woman, the coffee, the terror. But the evidence was gone, wiped clean by the light of day. It was a trap that materialized in the darkness and vanished with the dawn. A net cast for the lonely, the isolated, the ones no one would miss for a day or two.

I don't know what they are. Ghouls, opportunists, something in between. But they're out there. And they have a system. They know the empty roads, the dead zones. They set up their stage and they wait.

So this is my warning. To all of you who travel the lonely roads at night. If you're running on empty and you see a single, flickering light in the distance, a place that looks too good to be true, it probably is. Don't stop. I'm telling you, it is better to be stranded. It is better to run out of gas and wait for the sun. Because if you pull into that station, and a frail old woman tells you how scared she is of being alone, you need to understand that you're the one who should be scared. You're the reason she's not alone anymore. You're the fresh meat. And the hunters are waiting just out of sight.
Title: I'm An Uber Driver And I Keep Receiving Ride Requests With A Pick-Up Location In The Middle Of Nowhere

For the past few weeks I’ve been receiving a ride request with a pickup location in the middle of nowhere. I told myself when I first started that, the job wouldn’t be permanent, and I’d soon be working in clinics like I’d been training for. Fast forward a year and I’m still an uber driver with a boat load of student debt and a degree gathering dust. Ride requests tend to quiet down from 9pm on weekdays but as soon as it hits Friday or the weekend, no sooner do I accept one request three more are sent my way.

 

One night I had just about enough of all the drunk students piling into my car and arguing with me to take their friend who was already vomiting in the drain by my wheels, that when I received a request from out in the countryside I immediately clicked yes. I felt relieved to finally leave the city streets after so long but as soon as those neon lights faded away in my mirror, I felt an unease come over me. After driving so long the lack of other cars on the road didn’t really cross my mind until I was just a couple meters away from the pickup location. Completely autopilot until this very moment when it felt like I was being shook awake and subjected to a barrage of “red alert your about to be killed by an axe wielding madman”. There were no streetlights whatsoever and the only visible light for as far as the eye could see where my headlights failing to pierce the dark endless void ahead of me. 100 yards away from pickup.

 

It was a field. Baron and lifeless without a single strand of green grass or crop in sight. No barn, no tractor, or cow, or sheep, or anything. I pulled up directly on top of the pickup spot and stared about me at a loss surrounded by darkness in a desolate land. I sat there drumming my fingers on the wheel and humming along to the radio trying not freak out until suddenly the passenger door behind me swung open. The seat behind groaned in protest and I felt a noticeable give in the car as it dipped heavily, and the car door slammed closed. I swivelled round in my seat to see my rider and froze instantly my voice hitching.

 

There in the passenger seat sat a young women dressed in a flower pattern skirt and a woolly jumper but something about her felt off. She looked normal enough, but it was something about her eyes. They looked too big for her face. Her sockets even. They seemed to bulge almost forcing the bone to widen causing the skin around to stretch haphazardly. Granted there wasn’t much light in the car besides my phone, but I swear her pupils seemed to take up almost the entirety of her eyes. She must have noticed my uneasiness since she smiled at me with her thin and cracked lips and nodded cueing me to go.

 

She was silent the entire drive. I even asked her awkwardly whether she was okay with the radio being left on, but she didn’t say anything. She just sat there staring straight into my rearview mirror smiling. When I reached her destination, it was just an old retail park. All the shops where closed or abandoned with boarded up doors and smashed in windows. I pulled up along the curve and told to her to “have a nice night”. She just smiled and calmly opened the door and stepped out watching me as I drove off.

 

The whole incident really freaked me out and I decided to end the night right there and then and go home. The very next morning however, I checked the app and saw that I had been tipped for my last ride. “Flora tipped £50”. The ride itself cost only £15 but I’d get £11.25 after Uber took their share. I couldn’t believe my luck and felt a weight fall from my chest being able to pay my rent for the month. So for the week after I continued my rides as usual and when “Flora” requested a ride I clicked yes, every time.

 

It was always the same pickup location and drop off, and she’d always do the same thing. I’d park in the field, turn the radio on and wait. She would appear out of the darkness from the right, open the door and sit behind me smiling. We’d arrive at the retail park, and she’d step out watching me leave. £50 tip every ride for 3 rides a week and I was making bank. However a few days ago, something changed.

 

I parked in the field and turned the radio on, and out stepped Flora wearing the same outfit she always does. This time though, instead of sitting behind me she sat directly next to me. She had swivelled round to face me and didn’t blink once. I turned to her and said, “Hi Flora, ready to go?” and she nodded but just before I set off something on her jumper caught my eye. I never noticed it before, but on her jumper was a name tag that read “Sarah”. I had grown used to her so much that all of the weirdness about her that first ride had melted away so I asked her, “Would you like me to call you Flora or Sarah?” and pointed at the name tag. I shouldn’t have said anything.

 

For the first time ever she stopped smiling. She kind of frowned slightly at the question and sat in silence for a minute. It felt like an eternity looking into those vacant abyssal eyes waiting for an answer. Suddenly, her mouth opened beginning from the corners reaching to the middle like a zipper and widened unnaturally. The only light in the car was my phone screen as it always was, but I swear that inside of that mouth was completely empty. She looked like one of those plastic baby dolls which had a permanent open mouth for a bottle but didn’t have any teeth or painted gums. Just complete darkness all the way in. A bubble began to form around her lips in the few seconds they were open and burst as “Sarah” erupted from her mouth before snapping closed and resuming a smile. Her voice sounded static and strangely high pitched unlike anything I’ve heard.

 

The wheel was slick with my sweat and the car revved slightly from my shaking legs. I forced a smile and began to drive with those giant eyes fixed on me. I felt my heart pounding in my chest as I pushed down on the accelerator racing towards the drop off where she would finally leave, but as I rounded the corner of the woods a deer sprang out in front of me. Smashing into the hood of my car and skidding across the road in front leaving behind a perfect glistening streak of blood. I stared ahead towards the deer my heart beating louder and louder pulsing from within my ears until a notification rang from my phone reading “Ride cancelled”. The passenger door swung open and Sarah stepped out from the car walking towards the deer before stopping and turning to wave me goodbye.

 

To my astonishment I woke up the next morning to a tip of £100 and a message that read “See you again soon”. I really need the money, but I don’t know if I I’m pushing my luck with this situation and I really need some advice.
Title: My local priest talked to something that seemed like God

Until I was thirteen, I lived in a desolate town around Baja Arizona. Half of the dwindling population was Hispanic, with the other half being the descendants of mostly Irish immigrant workers who came out here to work in the old silver mine. Today, the mine has long since been depleted, and our small community was racked with unemployment. Most who did work worked in the nearest city, and some only came back to their families on the weekend. Sunday mass was unmissable, and was the one day out of the week that I would be reminded that my town was still alive. 

The bone white church stood in the center of the community, and every dust road led to its doors. Sunday mornings, I would dress myself in my best clothes and walk to the Holy building with my mother, father, older brother and infant sister. This particular Sunday began like all the rest, with a dozen or more other families following our same routine. It was early December, although you couldn't tell from the cloudless sky. Nearing midday, it was already 66 degrees and rising, although the blisteringly cold nights made up for the warm days. After the short walk we reached the church, where the usual crowd of townsfolk congregated inside. My family entered the fray, and immediately noticed something was off. 

Father Abascal was our only resident priest. He was born here in the 1950s, before moving to California. There, he entered priesthood and took on the role of missionary, traveling primarily to central Africa to spread the word of the lord, as well as polio vaccines. Father Abascal talked often of his time in developing nations, and usually found a way to tie his experiences in with whatever parable we were covering. Later in life, he opted for a change of pace and returned to his hometown, whose population had halved since he left. In the fifteen years since his return, it has halved again. But our community's future, or a lack thereof, was not the troubling thing the crowd were discussing that day. 

An hour before, the Spanish language mass had taken place. Those in attendance, mostly older folk, now seemed distraught. I wasn't fluent in Spanish, but learned it at school and heard it around town regularly enough that I could pick up the majority of what they were saying. Father Abascal seemed tired and unprofessional. There were large gaps of silence in his sermons, and he seemed to constantly slur his words. The organ player had not shown up, nor had the altar boys. Father Abascal staggered through mass on his own, and had barked at the old attendees to stay behind. Before this talk could reach the ears of everyone in the crowd, the church bell rang out and we began to fold into the pews. Sunday mass was packed to the rafters most weeks, but in the lead up to Christmas, the church now weekly housed the town's entire, diminutive population. A continuous drone of talk and gossip continued as we took our seats, and ended abruptly when Father Abascal emerged. 

I was near the front, and had the displeasure of seeing him clearly in that state. His tired eyes were ringed with black bags that seemed to sag down his face. He looked around the congregation frantically, and both the bridge of his nose and the corners of his lips twitched uncontrollably. His usual plump cheeks appeared sunken and grey. He lurched uneasily toward the altar like a marionette. Hushed whispers enveloped the congregation, all directed at the priest's state. I looked around, catching the glances of many who likewise searched around in confusion. Father Abascal cleared his throat, ready to speak. This turned into a cough fit, which had him bent double, spluttering into his elbow. When he righted himself, I saw that his sleeve was now freshly stained black. He gripped both sides of his altar, his raw fingernails digging into the masonry. Finally, he spoke. 

“Fine people,” he began, his voice laboured and hoarse, “I am become a witness. I have received confirmation from above of my most evil minded suspicions.”

Gasps erupted. Some stood, shocked at the Holy man's claim. I looked at my parents, who sat pensively, not yet ready to discredit the man who'd just baptised their first daughter. 

“While I slept, He spoke to me, He showed me terrible things and commanded my next actions,” Father Abascal continued, “I know now of the Great Breach of the Papacy. Please, be seated as I spread deistic warning.”

Some faltered and sat back down. Others, the more agitated among them, rushed to the doors only to find them locked. As were the windows. Father Abascal cleared his throat, flecks of black bile peppering his clerical gowns. Then he continued. 

“It began with Theophylact, Count of Tusculum,” He said, a crazed look in his eye, “he and his wife Theodora had an insatiable hunger for power. Insatiable. In 903 AD, Theophylact met with a hooded man, shortly after midnight. The hooded man presented him with a deal. He would aid in the family's conquest, in return for a betrothal to one of Theophylact's descendents. He agreed willingly to these terms, and shook the hooded man's hand on this matter. They never met again, but within the year, Theophylact and his family had consolidated power over all Rome. From the day of that deal onwards, however, the hand Theophylact had shaken with the hooded man became frost bitten, forcing him to bind it for the rest of his days.”

Father Abascal showed his own hand for dramatic effect. I can remember tugging at my collar, feeling hot and anxious. I looked to my parents for guidance, but they remained apprehensive to act. With nothing else to do, I slumped back into the pew and continued watching the rambling. I wondered what jokes I could make about it tomorrow at school, where it'd assumedly be all people would be talking about. 

“From then on, years of ruinous debauchery plagued the Papacy,” Abascal continued, “Rome was ruled by harlots! For decades, it was under the thumb of the House of Theophylact, until the army of the Holy Roman Empire was forced to intervene. But even this only dampened the heretical flame.”

Father Abascal slumped forward onto the altar, panting. He looked physically exhausted. An old woman shuffled to his side, but he shook her off, commanding she sit back down. He took some deep breaths, righted himself, and kept going. 

“In 996 AD, it came time for the hooded man to collect his debt,” He spoke in a morose and shaken voice, “and collect it he did. Maria, wife of Gregory I, grandson of Theophylact, became pregnant with twins. But only one of them was hers. The other was instilled by the hooded man.”

The crowd stirred as we all realised the implication. Abascal continued. 

“It was The Unholy Son, birthed from the womb of a whore with an accursed lineage. And birth it she did, for in the 25th night of July in 996, it came gushing out of her in a torrent of blood. So did Maria's natural born son, whom she cradled while the leech was set down upon the dirty floor. As soon as its infantile costume touched the stone, the door burst open. A farm dog ran it and attacked the newborn, tearing it apart. Like that, the antichrist had been sealed for another thousand years.”

The use of the word “antichrist” sent the congregation into a frenzy. People stood, shouting at Abascal to step down. Some rushed to his side, only to have the deranged priest roar at them, demanding he be allowed to spread God's recent message. Even my parents were stirred, although they stopped short of rushing their kids out of there. Father Abascal finally took the church back under his control, if only by being the loudest voice there. After another coughing fit, he hauled a case that had been set down by his side onto the altar. It was long and tubular, not unlike something used to carry a rolled up map. He unscrewed the cap, but stopped short of taking out whatever was within. He bent over the altar again and started to speak. 

“But the evil hadn't been wholly killed off. Part of it festered in its womb-brother, who grew up to become the wealthy count, Alberic III. His own son, Theophylact III, became Pope at just twenty years of age. A malice unfound in any man before him accompanied his pontificate. Murder, rape, incest and beastiality all found a common home in the Lateran Palace. He ruled as Benedict IX, becoming Pope three times and committing high simony as he did, selling the very Papacy for a sum of gold. His leadership was ruinous, and achieved only the splitting of the church in 1054. Eventually, holy forces did defeat this antipeter, but the House of Theophylact remained tainted. Their bloodline spawned countless adversarial members until their domain, the town of Tusculum, was completely levelled by the Crescentii family. Now this accursed lineage was scattered across the known world, and eventually the new world.”

Father Abascal faltered. His breathing seemed cancerous now, as his bile filled lungs worked to deliver us this message. 

“I've been told from above,” he said again as he raised his head, “that the chosen descendent is among us. In this chapel.”

Anarchy. People leapt from their seats, many trying for the locked door. Abascal raged, though few heeded him. He swore, and said things I thought I'd never hear him say. I looked at my parents, who likewise were now getting up for the pew. I stood, not taking my eyes from the mad priest. He had heaved the carrier bag onto the altar and removed the lid. He slid out the contents onto the marble slab and for a second, I thought it was a map. Until Father Abascal unfurled it. It was some sort of tapestry, ancient and crumbling. He took two corners and held it up in front of the congregation. The scene depicted had faded, but I could tell it was to do with the story Abascal had just recanted. It showed a dog, drawn with a distinctly medieval quality, with an infant's head in its jaws. The rest of the baby flailed in the air. On its forehead was a symbol, one I could barely remember but later identified as the seal of lucifer. As I looked at it, I felt the tears that had welled in my eyes grow hot. They were boiling. 

Suddenly, my mother burst into flames. My sister too, cradled in her arms, was engulfed. The manic crowd's attention turned to the sudden immolation. Father Abascal began screaming like a fanatic and rushed towards us, but was held back by one of the attendees. I burst into tears as my brother dragged me away from the human pyre. My father threw off his jacket, attempting to quell the flames. It was no use. My mother died between the pews, suffocated by the smoke borne from her burning flesh. It was all over so fast. My father collapsed to his knees, trying to drag his wife from the position she reflexively crumpled into. By now, the wooden pew had caught alight, and other members of the church had to force my dad away from the spreading fire. All the while, Abascal screamed about how he'd purged the evil.

The doors didn't budge. A stone basin of Holy water was upheaved and used to pummel the entrance like a battering ram. As the fire spread and the crowd became more desperate for salvation, someone threw a statue of Our Lady of Gaudalupe through one of the stained glass windows bearing the image of Christ's crucifixion. She shattered her son, and for a brief moment I thought we finally had a path of escape until I realised what was so desperately wrong with the scene. Despite it being noon, there was nothing outside but darkness. I stumbled back, watching everyone I knew act like wild animals in their attempt at escape. Old men and children were crumpled underfoot as the stampeding faithful tried to break out into the fake night. My breathing drew heavy as my eyes began to close. There was smoke all around me. It was all I could smell. All I could taste. It was everything. The sound of screams dampened as I fell into unconsciousness. 

I awoke an unknowable amount of time later to the sound of a baby crying. There were stars overhead, and as I pushed myself up from the charred floor, I realised the chapel's roof had burned to ashes. I was surrounded by a black ruin. I stood, surveying the debris of smoking embers and bone for the source of the crying. I walked unsteadily towards it, carbon crunching under my shoes. Bodies, cooked alive during the fire, were scattered all around. Most were concentrated in the large pile, stacked where the broken window once stood. The ash of the burnt pews covered everything in a black carpet, including my baby sister. I leaned down and picked her up, tearing her from the skeletal grasp of my mother. I brushed her down and let her cling to my shoulder, putting a calming hand on her back as I soothed the infant. Other than some dust, she hadn't been harmed. That was impossible, I can remember thinking to myself. I saw her become engulfed in flames. And then I realised I myself was a miracle. 

Human remains surrounded me where I had lain, all dead by immolation. Despite this, I didn't have the slightest burn. The impossibility of it all was the last thought on my mind, however, as I realised I was now alone in the world. I identified my father from the scraps of fabric that remained of his pale blue jacket, and my brother from the metal watch which had begun to melt and fused to his wrist bone. My family had been whittled down to just me and my sister. I stumbled through the burnt, crumbling doors and went outside. There, I started to cry. I kept crying for some time, accompanied by the baby I now clung to. I didn't stop until I heard something move in the darkness. I wiped my red cheeks and tapered my whimpers, then tried to do the same with my sister. I could now hear someone trying to walk towards us. Their feet dragged slightly in the dusty road, and the noise of their shambling grew louder each passing second. Still, the night enshrouded them. White ash fell like snow, although the temperature had begun to drop so low that a blizzard wouldn't feel out of place. I realised my sister was shivering, and held her tighter, trying to pass on what body warmth I had left. A figure appeared, just a silhouette and their current distance. Silently, they kept coming closer. 

“Hello?” I said in a low voice. 

My first and most obvious assumption was that it was one of the townsfolk, one who didn't show up to mass this morning. Surely, I can remember thinking to myself, there must've been a fair few still left in their homes when the fire erupted. It wasn't until the figure was almost directly in front of me did I realise how wrong I was. It stood still now, dressed in a long, tattered black robe. White ash flakes collect on its broad shoulders and once pointed hood. I couldn't see any face within, just more darkness that outdid the night sky. I felt bolted to the floor from fear, and maybe something else.

“Ireup ihim ad,” the robbed man said, speaking with a warped, baritone voice. 

It then reached out its arms. From within its long sleeves, two necrotic hands appeared. Maggots festered under its black finger nails and the skin sagged down from a build up of pus. I realised it wanted me to give it my sister.

“Who… who are you?” I barely managed to say.

“Sutroba ied mus oge,” it said in twisted answer, “Ireup suilli retap.”

Before I could say anything else, the robed figure pulled back its hood. Whatever I saw then now occupies a black hole in my mind, unable to be called upon. Even in the past few days as my reality crumbles, I cannot incur that aberration in my mind's eye. That night in 1996, it caused me to run in terror. I flew past rows of houses, any of which that had been occupied a few hours before were now occupied only by ash. My sister stayed close to me, and I eventually reached the edge of my desolate town. Beyond lay only the Sonoran desert. For miles, nothing, then came the great slab of concrete that was the city of Tucson. I looked back and saw the hooded figure approaching, and decided that the wilderness at night was a worthwhile risk to escape anything that bore that face. 

I had no idea what direction I was heading. I was only wearing a t-shirt and shorts. I now carried my sister under my shirt, and my exposed legs were cut up by glass-like shrubs. I had an idea of the landscape I was traversing from what I saw during the day. It was empty, apart from the dried undergrowth and occasional rock formation. The cracked ground was made almost entirely of orange hued dust. That night, my visibility was extremely limited, and would have been reduced to nothing at all if not for the slither of moonlight. It was barely enough to let me see directly in front of me, and did nothing to reveal the constant loose rocks I kept tripping over. I could see my breath trail behind me, and kept moving despite how tired I felt. Every noise, every movement in the corner of my eye spurred me on as I pictured that thing in the tattered robe lurching towards me. My feet were covered in blisters. My sister was crying, and although I wanted desperately to join her, I felt the need to keep myself together. For her sake. I couldn't lose what little I had left. So I kept walking. Until it started to snow. 

I had never seen snow before, not really. I'd seen mountains from a car window, ones with white peaks, but never experienced it first hand. For a time, I thought I finally had. I thought my annual Christmas Eve wish had finally been granted at the worst time possible. And although the white flakes burned with a cold intensity, I came to realise they were not snowflakes. They were ash. The hooded figure was near. I'd begun to walk with a stupor, and felt my hands go numb. My feet were like weights, ones I struggled to drag behind me. The fake snow came down harder as I tried to find a road, and prayed that a car would soon pass. The breaking of branches in the darkness just a few paces behind me powered me on, but only for so far. The cold was beginning to numb my mind. I couldn't take it anymore. I stumbled forward and, behind a small bush, found salvation. 

North of my town, there was a small ranch near the banks of the Santa Cruz. Some of the men in my town used to work there, and my older brother got a summer job in ‘95 driving around and looking out for any cattle that had wandered off. I accompanied him on one of the trips, but we found nothing that day. Tonight, however, I did. Laying in the dust was a dead cow, leathered by the day's sun. A prehistoric instinct awoke in me, and I knew what I had to do. I slid my barely breathing sister from under my shirt, and placed her on the ground. I took a jagged rock in one hand and slit the bloated bovine stomach open. I took my sister back into my arms, just moments before I heard a yelping and scurrying in the shrubs just beyond us. I clutched her tight and pinched my nose. Then, I crawled inside. 

No light penetrated the rotting skin, and as such, we were left in total darkness. This was a blessing in disguise, as I could not see the maggots that festered around me. Despite my nose being clogged with ash and dust, slithers of odour seeped through and made me gag. My sister started to cry. This too was a blessing in disguise, as it assured me she was still alive. The fetal position was the only way I could make it between the beast's ribs, and that's how I stayed as I heard footsteps around me. Something out there was circling us. I tried to convince myself that it was just a coyote, and that the thing in the robe couldn't have followed us all this way. Whatever it was stopped right in front of the cow's stomach, and did not move again for a long time. 

Exhausted, but warm, I was on the edge of sleep when it happened. Light. Just a crack. My eyes adjusted and I realised the crude slit I'd carved into the corpse was being tugged at. It was being opened. As I watched in horror, I started to make out the shape of a hand. Nearly human. Just a silhouette, but I could clearly make out the shape of the knuckles. The fingers were on the inside, pulling back the fleshly lip. Like a toddler, I closed my eyes tighter and simply wished for it to be gone. For everything bad to be gone. I clutched my sister tightly. Thankfully, she'd stopped crying. That meant I could finally get some sleep. I couldn't wait to sleep. I was so tired. My body ached. At the same time, I also couldn't wait to wake up from this horrible nightmare.

Sunlight. A bright yellow seeped into the cavity, lighting it up. I came to, and slowly dragged myself out of the rancid shelter. Once I could, I stood. Looking around, I realised I was just a few yards from the road. Before I began my trek, I sat back in the sand and examined my sister. I hadn't let go of her all through the night. As I cradled her, I realised she wasn't breathing. She was silent and still. She was dead. I had officially lost everything. But I physically couldn't cry anymore, so I got to my feet and started to walk. I wrapped my sister in my t-shirt and carried her with me. The sun was high and I was now sweating as I walked, rather than freezing. No trace of ash could be seen on the desert floor, and I wondered if it had been there at all. I kept walking along that road for hours until, eventually, a car passed me. It stopped, and a kind couple emerged to help me. They bundled me into their car, firing a blur of questions in my direction. I don't remember much of the drive to Tucson, but I do remember my stay at the hospital there. The next day, a man came in and sat by my bed. In the calm way he'd been trained to be, he explained in simple terms that my town had been destroyed by a wildfire. The recovery was ongoing, but it wasn't looking good. He was right. Within the week, my parents and brother were declared dead, as were the rest of the townsfolk.

The following Friday, as I sat up in my hospital bed, I received another piece of news that proved itself to be worse than anything I heard prior. A nurse came to me, and asked if I wanted to see my sister. At first, I thought she meant it final goodbye, and so I began to get out of bed. But she stopped me, and soon after another nurse came in cradling my baby sister. She was crying and squirming in the nurse's inexperienced hands. I looked on, shocked as she walked to my bedside and placed my only living relative in my arms. 

I spent the rest of my years before eighteen in the foster system. Not long after that night, my sister was adopted. I recently learned that they're a staggeringly rich family living in northern California, and gave my sister the name of Armilia. For years, I was content not to have any part in her life. She didn't know me, not really, and I didn't know how much her adoptive parents told her about where she came from. I didn't want to ruin her life again. The years spiralled by, and I spent many of them working on oil platforms in the Gulf of Mexico. Isolation suited me, which is probably why when I retired early after my knees and back gave out, I moved to Wyoming. That was earlier this year, when I figured that what I had in the bank and some odd jobs would keep me going for the foreseeable future. That dream of tranquility was shattered in the past week.

Someone is talking to me, and it's the same someone who spoke to Abascal in 1996. He was convinced it was God Himself. I don't know what it is. It comes to me in my sleep, paralysing me where I lay and reciting dissonant commands as I struggle to breathe. It told me things. It told me the truth. It told me what my sister is, and what great terror she'll unleash when she turns 33. Her 33rd birthday is just three short years away. That's all the time I have to find her and kill her.
Title: My wife started praying at night. Now something is wearing her voice.

We’ve been married for almost fifteen years now. Or is it thirteen? Maria would be upset if she knew I couldn’t remember.

I usually stay up an hour later than her. She goes through her whole routine: washing her face, laying out clothes, the things women do, all while I read on the living room chair.

We keep the lights off except for a small clip-on lamp I bought on Amazon. It’s enough to read by. 

Barely enough to see anything else.

We live in a small town. The kind where the silence is heavy enough to hear your own breathing.

So the first time I heard her talking, it annoyed me more than it scared me.

It was maybe two weeks ago. A half-conversation muffled through the bedroom door. 

Words I couldn't quite make out, then silence, then more words. Like she was on the phone.

"You talking to me?" I called out.

Nothing. She just stopped.

Probably her sister, I figured. They talk constantly, about nothing. Though it was late for that. I let it slide.

The next night, same thing. Except this time it was lower. A whisper. I tilted my head toward the bedroom, straining to hear, but I couldn't make out the words. Just the rhythm.

*Question. Pause. Answer.* *Question. Pause. Answer.*

"Babe, did you call me?"

"What? No." Blunt. Annoyed.

It occurred to me later—she must be praying. I’ve been openly agnostic since we met, but things have been hard lately. People turn to fairy tales when life gets difficult.

And life *had* gotten difficult.

I lost my job three months ago. The photo printing shop downtown—outdated business model, incompetent management. 

My boss was an idiot who didn't recognize what he had in me. 

Maria took it harder than I expected. She’s been to the hospital three times in the past month alone. 

*Fatigue*, she says. 

I told her what any reasonable person would: eat more, drink more water, get some rest. But she insisted on seeing a specialist. Eighty dollars a consultation, and you know what he told her? Eat more.

I didn't say "I told you so." I’m not that kind of husband.

But the visits kept happening. And the pills started. Vitamins, supplements, something for anxiety—I stopped keeping track. I told her the caffeine was probably making things worse, but she just looked at me with those wide, glassy eyes.

The praying continued. Got longer. Louder.

One night I heard her laugh. Soft. It wasn't a happy sound. It sounded like something snapping.

Another night, I heard her crying during one of the conversations. Then the crying stopped abruptly, mid-sob, and she said *"Yes"* very clearly. 

Then nothing.

During the day, Maria started watching me. 

I’d be on the couch, job listings open on my laptop—though nothing in this town pays what I'm worth—and I’d feel it. 

I’d look up and she’d be standing in the kitchen doorway.

Just staring. Head tilted slightly.

"What's wrong?" I'd ask.

She wouldn't answer. She wouldn't even blink. She’d just turn and walk away, her bare feet silent on the floorboards.

Then, two nights ago.

I was in my chair, lamp on, listening. 

The whispering had been going for twenty minutes. It was different. Faster. More urgent. 

I heard my name (I’m almost sure I heard my name) and then: *Silence*.

Then laughter. Not Maria’s. Deeper. It sounded like rocks grinding together inside a throat.

I sat frozen, telling myself I’d imagined it. The mind plays tricks when you’re tired. When your wife is sick and your savings are draining and nothing is going the way it should.

I slept on the couch that night. I told myself it was because I didn't want to wake her.

We barely spoke anymore, and when we did, it was sharp. Transactional.

Last night.

I was reading. Or pretending to.

**BANG. BANG. BANG.**

Three hits. Hard. Deliberate. From the bedroom.

I launched out of my chair, heart slamming against my ribs. The bedroom door was closed—it was always closed now.

I stood motionless for what it felt like an hour.

*"Are you okay?"* I finally asked, my voice came out cracked.

Silence.

*"Maria?"*

And then I heard it. Not her voice. Something wearing her voice.

***"She sleeps now."***

It came from everywhere. The walls. The floor. Inside my own skull.

My chest seized. I watched the air under the door disturb the dust. I smelled it then, rotten meat? I dismissed the scent because of how scared I was.

I don't know how long I stood there. Eventually, my legs started moving. Each step felt impossibly loud. The door handle was cold. Colder than ice. It burned my palm.

I opened the door.

The moonlight was bright—bright enough to see everything. I wish it hadn’t been.

Maria was on the bed. Half on it. Her legs were still tangled in the sheets, but her torso hung backward off the edge, spine bent at an angle that shouldn't be possible. Her head was nearly touching the floor.

Her arms were stretched out, rigid.

Her eyes were open. Her mouth was open.

**She was smiling.**

I slammed the door and ran. I panicked. I ran toward the living room, toward my chair, toward the light.

But the lamp was off. I don't remember turning it off.

Everything is dark now. The kind of dark where you feel heavy. I’m using my phone to type this. 

Six percent battery.

A moment ago I held the screen up toward the hallway.

There were no eyes. No monster. Just a shape. A silhouette standing in the hallway, impossibly tall. Its head was scraping the ceiling.

It wasn't walking. It was *unfolding.*

I dropped the phone. When I raised it again, the hall was empty.

But I can hear breathing now. Not mine. And Maria’s voice, right against my ear, wet and hot, even though nothing is there:

***"They say you'll do nicely"***

Four percent.

The breathing is [closer](
Title: something in the woods behind my house answered my claps

something in the woods behind my house answered my claps

I have an outdoor cat who responds to clapping when it’s time to go inside. I usually let him out in the backyard for about 10-20 minutes, then clap a few times and call him name. He always comes running within seconds.

 Tonight he didn’t. 

With the pouring rain and pitch black I found it unusual that he didn’t come dashing in immediately per usual. Of course cats hate the rain but he also doesn’t love going out at night considering we have huge elk who roam the property. I clapped many times in a row calling his name out louder. I stood there watching, listening. After a full minute waiting there I heard it. One singular, distinct clap. It echoed back at me from deep inside the woods behind my house off to the left. 

I stood for a couple of seconds thinking about what I just heard, analyzing the sound. I then closed the sliding glass door, locked it and slid the curtains closed. Maybe he just got comfortable in a spot covered from the rain and isn’t ready to come in…it has only been 15 minutes after all. I don’t like it but since we’ve moved here, sometimes he does venture far and explore, but he always comes back.

I think it’s important to mention now that I live very rural, with no neighbors on either side. The house itself is on about 6 acres. Much of the land is covered with thick forestry, and between the closely rooted spindles of trees and impossible to navigate blackberry thorn bushes, there’s much of my property that I have not explored. Off to the back left side, the terrain slopes downward toward a river. I only know there’s a river down there because I hear the rushing water. I cannot access the river however due to the thicket filled with thorns, not to mention the steep angle at which you’d have to walk, but soon I hope to clear a path and see what’s back there for myself.

About 15 more minutes go by, then I heard a desperate meowing coming from somewhere along the side of the house. I didn’t see his face in the back window where he usually sits to wait for me, but I went to the back door anyways and slid the door open. 
“Nova!”
I called out. Clapping once or twice was enough to send him sprinting back inside. He didn’t stop just inside the threshold, but kept running far into the house all the way into the kitchen. I closed and locked the door again following him. 
“Hey buddy, you coulda come when I called you the first time yknow”
I said with a laugh.
“You hungry?” 
I asked him walking to the cubbord.
He eats like an old man, always makes a mess. For that reason I always feed him by the front door, so I can wipe it up with the rest of the leaves and mud we track in. I started opening a can of wet turkey, and 
before I could even get the food onto his plate he forced his face under the can desperate for snacks. He began eating huge bites like he’d been surviving off the forest mice. Mid way through his eating he stopped abruptly and shot his head up. He was standing at attention, eyes locked on the front door, which also consisted mostly of huge floor to ceiling windows. He stared for a full two minutes. I stepped away from the water I was boiling to peak, nothing there. He eventually broke focus, and with a few more tiny nibbles he retired to the living room where he kept watchful eye on the back door for the rest of the night.

The next day I went on a walk around the property. This day I happened to take the cat with me. The last person to own the house was an older guy who lived alone, and he left quite a lot of trash behind when he sold the place. This mostly consisted of beer cans strewn about the wooded areas. He even had a side-by-side that he drove off the highest point of the property, sending it over a cliff-like drop of about 40 feet to the lowest point below. We weren’t able to remove it so it sits there to this day, in the part of our land I like to call “the pit”. In addition to that, there was a pile of rubble that looked as if it was burned for disposal, however it was only burned part way, leaving behind a hand burnt car battery, some charred construction foam, and some rusted scrap metal. 

Alongside the stack of burnt scraps, I saw something that stood out in the mud. 

A bare footprint…the largest one I’ve ever seen.

 A defined outline of each toe sat clearly in the damp mud. The cat walked up to it and gave it a long sniff, as if picking up a scent.

That footprint faced the house, not the woods.
Title: I am never sleeping at my girlfriend's house again, let me tell you why

Her mother always gave me the willies. 

I mean, I always thought that something was a little off about her, nothing too crazy, just annoying and inconvenient. But that was the final drop, I'm never sleeping there again. Let me start by the beginning, the first time I went to their house.

We we're going out for a couple of weeks, when she decided should I visit her home meet her mom. I was nervous but ok, that's part for the course of a relationship, I need to do my part. We get there and she lives with her mother in this tiny apartment: you get in and there's the kitchen in front of you, to the left the living room, there's room for a dining table and the piano, nothing more. When looking left straight there's the corridor, where the dog lives, and in the end there are 3 doors: to left the bathroom, to the right my girlfriend's room and straight ahead her mother's room.

Her dad is out of the picture and we don't talk about him. We live in a big metropolis, so middle class kinda feels like poverty, and everything is unfairly expensive, but that's life. We get there and I first notice the huge Akita Inu living within the confines of a 1x3 meter hallway, I would feel a little worse if that wasn't the most neurotic dog in existence. 

Jon, the caramel Akita is by all accounts, a big dumb fluffy baby... with his owner. With anyone else that isn't my girlfriend he is very hostile, including me that loves dogs. But with her mother, he despises her. So imagine my surprise when I get in the apartment, the lock locks eyes on me, immediately starts snarling, so she says to me "Don't look him in the eyes, it challenges his domain of the territory". What is he, a shark? But in a split second, to quick for me to take my eyes off the dog, I see the doorknob behind him start twisting. Like he has a motion sensor he turns around and starts barking and howling. Out of the darkness comes this figure: 1.75 meters tall, almost my height, overweight and dressed in pijamas, her mother.

She has a hard time going past the dog, that jumps and makes a ruse in that tight corridor, the says "Is that your new boyfriend?!", that's when I can see the very rotten teeth in her mouth, and the prescription glasses, so thick and strong, that her eyes look like tiny black marbles through it. My girlfriend immediately shaking her down, saying that if she doesn't behave, we will leave. Her mother brushes it off. I found that strange, since you expect the parent to do sermons, but I came to understand that when parental figures lack, the child ends up taking that job, as somebody has to be in charge.

What followed was the most uncomfortable dinner of my life, filled with the usual questions about college and my family, and the awkward silence pauses. Her mother repeatedly told how handsome I was, much to the dismay of my girlfriend that gave her and increasingly angrier look with each mention. She has a loud exaggerated laugh, followed by a minute long coughing session. It was pain all the way through but necessary, when you compromise you have to make compromises. 

After we left I asked my girlfriend where her mother was from, as she had this strange accent, maybe Argentina maybe Eastern Europe, like Hungary or Romania or something. Difficult to place under the prominent lisp. "She's from the next town over but lived here in the city all her life." she said. I said that was really weird because of the very apparent accent she had, but my girlfriend said she never noticed. Maybe she heard her speak that way all her life and got used to it. Her mother spoke almost in old English, used very complicated and obscure words, while mispronouncing some very simple common words and using the wrong tense of simple verbs. She also rolled her "r's" like Bela Lugosi which was admittedly pretty funny.

As the months went on I got to know more about my girlfriend, and her relationship to her mother. She was a young, healthy and furious little thing, very determined and bold, almost to a fault sometimes. Once we were mugged at gunpoint, while I gave the mugger my old iPhone 7 with the screen broken, she was trying to kick him and trying to take the cellphone back from his hand. She was neglected for much of her childhood, came out stronger because of it. Nobody's perfect, and because of the loneliness she became very attached to me, requesting me to be with her all day and all night, sometimes when I had class, sometimes when I had work. Attachment became jealousy and that drove me nuts, still does, but it's the price I pay. 

She especially loved that I slept with her, at her house because my parents are also very jealous of me, and don't like that I even spend the night out and get coy if she stays at my house until late in the morning (I'm 21). It was a question of who I chose to get mad at me each day, her or my parents. But most importantly, sleeping with her means sleeping under the same roof as her mom. Which scared me at first, but seeing that she was the one that kept things in order around the house, she could do as she pleased. It was on the 2nd or 3rd night that I found out that her mother didn't even know I was there. I was always trying to avoid getting seen to avoid conversation, which was easy since the woman seemed to be locked in her room all day and all night, only coming out occasionally.

It was one night that we were in my girlfriends room, when suddenly we were warned by the howling and barking of the dog in the corridor that mother was coming out of her room. My girlfriend told me to hide the tight space between the closet and the wall, when mother comes barging in like in the first minutes of Shrek, screaming where was her food. I thought about how fucked up that was, I was hiding behind a closet during a family feud I had no business being in. From that point on I started going there less and less. Upon much prying from my girlfriend I answered the problem was her mother. She didn't get offended, she just understood. Mother was very hard to deal with, plus a illness that almost killed her a few years back, that almost made my girlfriend an orfan effectively, made me pity her and mother quite a bit.

That went on for a few months, hiding and staying very quiet sometimes was a compromise I came to accept. It wasn't all that bad, the worst part was when I had to use the bathroom in the middle of the night, but suddenly mother needs also and I have shut the lights and pretend I'm not there even though I can see her shadow through the opaque glass door of the bathroom, trying to pry the locked door open. I felt like a character in a horror movie, hiding in the bathroom with the monster prying on the door, hoping that it would loose interest and go somewhere else. The sliding glass door was for the wheelchair they had to use when mother was sick, made the scene more unnerving than it needed to be.

4 years have now passed and we're still together. Her mother's weirdness became the least of my problems, life is trouble enough as it is, I don't want have to worry about the skinwalker that lives together with my girlfriend. I learned to deal with mother's weirdness, but some occurrences were just too bizarre: buying an unhealthy amount of fruit, not eating any of and letting it all go bad and filling the house with flies; getting mad at me because I threw away the pits of the avocados I used to make guacamole (she EATS the pits); constantly travelling by bus to a town she has no living relatives in, among many others.

But on another occasion, everything changed.

I made the sacrifice of sleeping in, after a late night screening of Psycho (how ironic), and I was too tired to drive home. 

It was about 10 o'clock, I went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. I was in my underwear because thought mother would be fast asleep at that time. That was when the dog gave it's warning and the door at the end of the corridor opened. I got caught, I thought. I was in the directly line of sight of mother and there was no way she wouldn't see me. I tried to explain myself over the sound of the dog barking my I quickly gave up. I noticed she wasn't looking at me, she was looking straight down. I just stared as she hopped over the dog gate, into the living room, and walked right past me, into the kitchen. She poured herself a glass of water, drank it, all the while I was pressed against the corner, watching. She made her way back, walking right past me, like a palm's distance. Hopped over the gate to the dismay of the dog, and entered into the black void that was her room, shutting the door behind her.

She didn't see me at all. She didn't have her glasses on, but I too can't see sharply a palm in front of me without my glasses, but would notice a person standing in the corner of my own house, even if blurry. My heart raced like in a marathon, I sweated like a pig, but nothing really happened. She was blind as a bat and didn't see me, so what? I'm the "trespasser" and I'm nervous? I shook it off and went back to my girlfriends room.

She had woken up and I explained what happened, she didn't think nothing of it and chalked it up to 12 degrees of myopia mother had on both eyes. Much like the rest of the occurrences I tried to forget, then watched an episode or tow of SpyXFamily on her laptop until we both fell asleep. I have the consciousness of always taking off my glasses when I get sleepy as to not crush them, this time I wish I didn't.

Now, it was hazy, but I woke up on a whim, bothered by lamp I accidentally left on. When I noticed the door wide open, and right after, the head poking out of the doorway. There was only one person that that could be. I quickly closed my eyes again and pretended to sleep, I figured it be better to deal with it in the morning than getting confronted now. I opened my eyes slightly to see if she was gone, and not only was the figure still there, that's when I noticed how tall it was. The head in the doorway almost grazed the top. This time I closed my eyes out of fear. What the hell was that and why was it so tall? I lay there awake with my eyes closed for a few more minutes, which seemed like hours. I tried to soothe myself that I was still dreaming, that that did not happen. But, I had left the light of the living room on accidentally, it wasn't pitch black with the door open it was bright. And I know I saw, a round grey mass, a head, poking from the door, watching us sleep.

I must have drifted off some time after that. I woke up covered in sweat in the same position we had fallen asleep in and explained the story. Again, girlfriend chalked it up to "mother making sure that she was asleep because the lights were on". I don't buy that. I left shook and invaded. I was reminiscing the event on the drive back, scrutinizing every detail to figure out if it was really a dream. But it was real, my vision wouldn't be blurry in a dream, that really did happen. Most importantly it didn't feel like one, the fear was too real, I remember shaking and sweating cold. When I thought it could get any worse, I remembered the most crucial detail. I didn't hear the dog, it was silent the whole time.

That settles it, I'm never sleeping there again. She can kick and scream all she wants, I'm not doing it. No love's that big. She tried to explain, then convince me that that didn't happen. But I know what I saw, and I'm not sure it was mother. Anyway, if my girlfriend so adamant it didn't happen, then why soon after she had locks put on all the doors?

The End.
Title: The Worth of a Life

"What would it take for you to kill a man?"

"Excuse me?" I asked, taken off guard.

A stranger in an expensive-looking suit sat across from me at the bus stop.

"What would it take for you to kill a man?" he repeated.

"Why are you asking me this?" I asked, increasingly unsettled.

He leaned back against the bench casually, as if he were simply asking for the time.

"Because I want to know, David," he said, his face expressionless.

"How do you know my name?" I asked, a chill running through me. This was getting creepy. "Who are you?"

The stranger leaned forward and looked me in the eye. His stare was cold and unwavering.

"I know everything about you, David," he said, not offering his own name. "I know that you are drowning in student loans. That you had to sell your car. That you live from one meager paycheck to the next."

He leaned back and looked away. "I want to know what it would take for you to kill a man," he finished.

This guy was seriously freaking me out, and I wanted to run or call the police. But I was afraid of what he might do. He was obviously some kind of psychopath.

I decided to humor him carefully until the bus came, just in case.

"Why would I ever kill someone?" I asked. "Aside from self-defense, I don't see how that could ever be worth it."

"You have a gun, and someone is kneeling in front of you," he said. "What if pulling the trigger would save a million lives? Would you do it?"

*A psychopathic philosopher?*

"So... the trolley problem?" I asked, cautiously. "Switching the tracks to save a million people by sacrificing one?"

The stranger waved a dismissive hand. "You could think about it that way," he said, "but it doesn't necessarily have to be a million people. It could be for anything. Power, money, even the cure for cancer."

I'd never liked the trolley problem; it was always an impossible choice for me.

"I wouldn't be able to decide," I said, shrugging. "Luckily, I'll never have to."

He leaned forward again. "But what if you do?" he said. "What if I have the power to make it happen?"

*This guy is insane,* I thought.

"You have the power?" I asked, exasperated. "If so, why not do it yourself? Why would you make a random person kill someone to cure cancer?"

"I can't do it myself," he replied. "I'm unable to directly interfere. I can only act when someone—of their own free will, and by their own hand—provides me with a soul to do so."

I leaned back and crossed my arms. "Prove it," I said. "Prove that you have the power to do this."

"Like I said, I'm unable to act," he said. "However, I can tell you that when you were ten years old, you found a frog in a secluded field. You named him Jim. You would return weekly to see him, until one day he was no longer there."

"You had a crush on Jenny in high school," he continued. "You still think about her. You want to call her, but keep putting it off."

"You're planning to visit your brother's grave tomorrow," he said. "Two days ago, a conversation with a coworker reminded you of him. You were going to buy flowers later today, from the florist on 7th Avenue."

"Is this satisfactory?" the stranger asked.

I sat there, frozen in shock. I had never told anyone about any of that. *Ever.* No one knew but me. It was impossible. Undeniable proof was staring me in the face. There was no other way he could have known.

It took me a moment to find my voice. "Okay," I said, shakily, "so you need me to kill someone? Kill one person to save others?"

"What you kill for is up to you," he said. "You can receive anything you wish."

The stranger stood up. "You have twenty minutes to decide," he said, looking down at me. "You will never have this opportunity again. Think carefully."

He turned and pointed. "In that alley, where I am pointing," he said, "you will find a man."

I turned to look at the alley. It was right next to the bus stop.

He continued, "You will also find a gun. State your desire loudly and clearly before pulling the trigger." He lowered his hand and turned to leave. "Decide what you would kill for. Decide the worth of a life."

The stranger started walking away. "Remember, twenty minutes," he said, his voice fading. "Will you pull the trigger?"

I looked at my watch, then slumped back on the bench, overwhelmed.

*What should I do?* I thought.

*Was there actually a man in that alley? A man who would live or die depending on my decision?*

What is the worth of a life?

Was it more lives?

*I could save the unsavable. Cure the incurable.* Find the cure for cancer, fix climate change, discover the secret to immortality. A world without suffering. Just one life lost, to save countless others.

What about money?

*I could be rich.* Never work another day in my life. Debt erased. No longer struggling, barely making enough to survive. A life of unparalleled luxury, for one pull of the trigger.

Power?

*I could rule nations.* Change the course of history. Every law, every war, every scientific pursuit, guided by my hand. No one could stop me. Unmatched potential, achieved by removing another's.

My thoughts were racing.

*What about the person I would kill?*

Did they have a family? Friends? Were they like me, with their own hopes and dreams?

Their entire life, gone, with one bullet.

It would be my fault. It would be my decision that they should die. Their innocent blood would be on my hands, forever.

Fifteen minutes had passed.

*Do the ends justify the means? Should I kill them?*

*Or do the means justify the ends? Should I let them live?*

I kept looking at the alley.

I had never been so stressed in my entire life. I could barely think.

I had to decide.

I had to decide *now*.

I jumped up and started walking toward the alley. There was no choice. I had to do this. The world would be a better place in exchange for one, single life.

My steps carried me closer.

It had to be done. I would make sure they were remembered forever as a hero. Someone who saved the world.

*Just do it. Keep walking.*

My heart was aching, tearing itself apart.

*Get there. Pull the trigger...*

My legs were so heavy.

*End a life.*

I struggled to keep moving. I was almost there.

*I... I have to...*

Ten feet from the alley, my legs gave out.

I fell to my knees.

Tears rolled down my face. I couldn't breathe.

I looked down at my hands. They were blurry, shaking uncontrollably.

It was too much.

"I can't do it," I whispered, sobbing. "I can't do it."

I couldn't kill someone. Someone innocent. For a world they would never see.

My decision was made.

I would not pull the trigger.

Trying to control my trembling hands, I pulled out my phone and called the police.

It was clear to me now. It couldn't be measured.

The worth of a life.

---

Soon after, the police arrived.

They couldn't find the stranger I had been talking to.

They did, however, find someone in the alley.

Someone holding a gun, waiting for me.
Title: Hurry Down the Chimney Tonight

“Christ, I don’t know how you talked me into this.”

The…thing Meredith had seen in the thrift store barely fit in the back of our car, even with the seats pushed down. Getting it in had been one thing…getting it out would be another.

“Oh come *on*, it was just too cute. It’ll be like living in a Christmas card with this next to the tree!” she said brightly.

That was true. The fireplace - maybe, Fireplace with a capital *F* was more appropriate - was a five-foot-tall monstrosity made of laminate wood, plastic stonework, and fake bricks with a little bit of faux moss artfully applied with green paint. Meredith practically squealed when she saw it in the housewares section. It came with a cord in the back to plug into the wall, which lit up a small pile of plastic logs at the base. It was wide, too, wide enough for a mantlepiece that she insisted we could hang our stockings from. It looked like it came out of a Thomas Kinkade painting, if his work could somehow be more kitschy. 

I stepped forward and gave it an experimental tug. It slid a bit out of the back, but not much.

“Did this thing get bigger after we left the store?” I asked.

“Maybe we can get Misty to help.” Meredith joked.

I turned to see our cat in the window, watching us with boredom. She flicked an ear and raised her leg to begin licking her paw.

“Lucky girl. She gets to sit in the warm house while we’re out here in the cold.”

“The sooner you stop stalling, the sooner we can join her! It’ll be easy. Let’s just get it out halfway, then we can tip it to the ground. You push, I’ll pull.”

Meredith always had a better mind for these things than I did.

I took my position at the base of the Fireplace, and she opened the passenger door and placed her hands on top of the chimney.

“Ok...one…two...three...GO!”

I tugged with all my might while she put all her weight forward. It slid out much faster and easier than we’d thought. It was heavier on the bottom. I yelled in surprise and rolled to the right, barely missing having my stomach caved in, as it tumbled out and landed upright on the driveway with a loud crash. 

In doing so, something that had been stuck inside the chimney came loose, dropping out and skittering across the concrete to land near my hand.

“Matt! Are you okay?” Meredith rushed around the side of the car. I gave her a small wave from my position. She laughed. “I thought I was going to have a lonely Christmas.” She looked down. “What is that?”

It was a cardboard box, wrapped in paper decorated with snowflakes and tied with a red ribbon. It looked beaten-up and slightly old, the white of the flakes yellowed a bit.

“I thought presents were supposed to go under the tree, not up the chimney.” I said, getting back to my feet and giving the box a shake. Something rattled inside. “Previous owners probably hid their kid’s gift up there and forgot about it. I wonder if…”

Before I could stop her, Meredith snatched it out of my hands and began ripping at the paper eagerly. “I just *love* cool thrift stuff like this! Little reminders of the people things used to belong to.”

Within seconds, she had pulled off the ribbon and eagerly opened the lid. The look of excitement on her face slowly drained.

Puzzled, I peeked inside and frowned. It was a shoe, a child’s sneaker too dirty and roughed up to be new. One of the laces had been violently torn out of the eyelets, hanging limply down and swaying slightly in the breeze.

“Man…what kind of bad parents did this kid have?” Meredith said, picking up the shoe and turning it over in her hands. “It has to be a joke of some kind. A gag gift. Give Bobby his old pair of Sketchers before giving him new ones.”

She looked troubled, so I put my arm around her. “Now, madam, we can’t think such sad thoughts on the Yuletide! Now come, help be carry your hearth into thine castle.” 

She giggled and bent down to pick up one side, letting the shoe drop to the driveway. As we carried the Fireplace into the house, I stared glumly at it. What a rotten present to give to a kid.

—

Meredith took to the Fireplace immediately. She had me move the tree out of its usual place in the corner to make room for it. In a frenzy of stockings, garlands, and cards, she had the whole thing decked out in under half an hour.

“And now for the piece de resistance…” she climbed eagerly behind it and plugged the cord into the wall. The plastic logs roared to life…or rather, feebly lit up with just enough glow to be disappointing. But she’d strung lights around the mantle, and our stockings hung there, bathed slightly in the orange glow. When Meredith stepped back out and saw the whole thing, she sighed.

“Awww, it reminds me of my grandma’s fireplace. She used to decorate it like this every Christmas.” 

I had to admit, it did look charming. At least in its total affront to good taste. But if it made her happy, it made me happy.

“Now we can decorate it every year, too. Start a new tradition.”

Meredith smiled and leaned up to kiss me. 

Misty, who up to this point had been lounging with disinterest on the couch, pounced off and sauntered over. She narrowed her eyes at the new addition to our home and came closer, reaching out an experimental paw.

“Awww, this is too cute. Matt, take a picture.” 

I reached in my pocket for my phone when we heard a rattling. Misty hissed and jumped back as a second present, this time with green paper, came tumbling out of the chimney and landed haphazardly in front of the Fireplace. With a yowl, Misty bolted and disappeared down the hallway.

“Uh…guess there was one more in there.” I snatched it up and handed it to Meredith. “Things come in pairs. One shoe for the other?” 

She began tearing at the paper. “Maybe the previous owners put the receipt inside somewhere. We could try to find them. Maybe these were special presents they forgot about before donating it.” She lifted the lid off and somehow frowned deeper than she had with the first gift.

“What? Did Bobby have Athlete’s foot or something?” I peeked inside and frowned as well. It was a pair of glasses, for a kid given the size. The right lens was cracked nearly in half. The left was missing altogether.

“Matt, I don’t like this.” Meredith put the box down and began looking around the edges of the fireplace. “People usually write their names on larger things they own, right?”

I stepped up and put my hands on her shoulders. “If it’s freaking you out that much, we can just take it back to the store.” We both stepped back and looked at the decorations festooning the Fireplace. They seemed inadequate now, frivolous, even, to cover up what was really just an ugly hunk of wood and plastic. 

Meredith obviously thought differently. “But it looks so nice! Can we at least keep it up until Mom and Dad come to visit next week? Then we can take it back, I promise.”

I didn’t have the heart at the moment to tell her I’d thrown the receipt away. But no matter. I would cart it off in the car, slap a *FREE* sign on it, and leave it somewhere in town.

“Sure, babe. Anything you want.”

And we stood there, wrapped in each other’s arms, as the lights twinkled.

—-

We had gotten the Fireplace on a chance Thursday night trip to the thrift store, so the next day we had to work. Both of our companies had gone back to the office post-COVID as quickly as they could, so we were both slow in getting ready. I eyed the dark clouds outside the bathroom window as I brushed my teeth. It was going to be a cold day.

I came downstairs to find Misty in front of the fireplace, crouched as if waiting to pounce. Her tail flicked lazily behind her. I reached down and petted her back. “What is it, girl? Are you waiting for Santa to come down with some Fancy Feast?”

I looked over and froze. There was another present, in blue wrapping, lying in front of the Fireplace. Like the other two, the paper was ripped in the corners and looked old. I snatched it up and turned it over. “What the hell?” I said to no one in particular. “How many presents can fit up that chimney?”

I set it on the coffee table and got on my hands and knees, torso inside the Fireplace. The tightness of my slacks as I awkwardly turned to reach up reminded me not to indulge so much this holiday. Maybe even start the new years’ resolutions early.

I expected my hand to hit a wall of plastic only a foot or two inside the chimney, but to my surprise, it kept going. I grunted and repositioned, trying to reach up further. Despite the extra length, I still didn’t feel an end. Oddly, the air seemed colder on my hands the further up I reached. There was enough room to get off my knees. The areas I was touching felt strange, rougher, harder than they should have been. 

I thought I would have enough space to stand up completely, but I finally hit the top of the chimney. I gave it a few experimental pushes. It felt solid. I tried to see by the light of the room seeping in from the bottom, but it was surprisingly dark. Well, I hadn’t collided with any more presents. That had to be the last of them.

Just to be sure, I began to feel around the top. Who knows, maybe the previous owners \**had*\* stuck the receipt up here. My fingers brushed on the edge of something. I frowned. It almost felt like a slot. I pushed my fingertips in and pulled. It gave slightly, almost like the hinge on a trapdoor. In doing so, a puff of air, colder than it had any right to be, ran over my fingers. Goosebumps went down my arms. What was this thing?

“Babe! Have you seen my necklace? I think I left it in the kitchen.” 

Judging by the muffled quality of Meredith’s voice, she was still upstairs. I let the slot close again and crouched, quickly backing out of the Fireplace. For some reason, I didn’t want her to see me peeking up there. Misty had apparently lost interest and took to staring wide-eyed at the lights that adorned the tree. 

“Uh, I don’t know. One second!” I quickly snatched up the present. The glasses and shoes had been bad enough; I didn’t want to know what was in there. Much less for Meredith to find out there had been another one.

“Hang on, I’m coming!” I heard her steps descending the stairs. Without thinking, I jammed the present under the couch and had just enough time to dart into the kitchen before she came down. The necklace was on the counter next to the coffee pot.

“Found it.” I said sheepishly. She smiled and turned her back so I could fasten it. “How did Misty like the Fireplace? Has she found a new scratching post?” We’d lost a few pieces of furniture to her restless claws.

“No, she doesn’t seem to mind it, actually.” I lied. She turned around and smiled. “C’mon. The sooner we start the day the sooner it’ll be over.” We left the tree on for Misty. As we stepped out the door, I glanced back at the fireplace. Only another week.

—--

Meredith’s office was closer, so she usually got home first despite both our days ending at 4:30. As I drove through town, past the shop windows covered in fake snow and garlands, I began to feel uneasy. Some Christmas song was on the radio, but I shut it off. I couldn’t put my finger on what felt wrong.

I got my answer when I walked in the door. Meredith stood near the Fireplace, another present in her hands. Her coat and bag lay forgotten on the couch. I had a moment of fear that she’d found the one I’d hidden this morning, but the paper was different. Instead of blue trees with yellow lights, a pattern of red, green, and gold decorated it. The momentary relief that had washed over me was replaced with confusion. There hadn’t been any more presents up the chimney. I’d checked.

“This was in front of the Fireplace when I came home.” She sounded like she was trying to stop from panicking. Her hands trembled slightly as she held it out. “What the hell is going on, Matt?” 

“I…I…uh…” I struggled for words. Before I could stop her she began tearing furiously at the paper. “Where the fuck do these keep coming from? Oh God, I don’t want to do this…” she ripped away the last of the paper and opened the lid. She recoiled like she’d been shocked and threw it to the carpet with a cry. The object inside bounced out and rolled across the carpet towards me.

It was a tie, an orange paisley necktie that had been torn to shreds. Only the carefully tied knot at the center of the loop kept the loose strands of fabric from falling away. A few long black hairs were tangled among the folds.

“There’s something wrong with this thing, Matt.” Meredith began tearing down the lights she’d tied around the mantle and throwing the Christmas cards to the ground. “I don’t want it in our house anymore. Whoever owned this had a sick fucking sense of humor.”

For some reason, I thought of the slot I’d felt up the chimney that morning and got an idea. Maybe the look of joy on her face when she’d finished setting it up yesterday inspired me. “Babe. Babe, wait.” She stopped her destruction and turned to look. “Maybe there’s an explanation for all this.”

She stepped back. I got on my hands and knees again and started crawling inside the Fireplace. “What are you doing?” she asked, with a slight edge of worry in her voice. I got back in the semi-crouched position I’d taken that morning and felt around for the slot. My fingers found purchase and I tugged. The cold air that shouldn’t have been there hit my hands again, but I ignored it as the compartment opened. I extended my arm as far as it could go down the new hole and felt around. Something with a cornered edge hit my palm.

“Merry, go around to the back of this thing.” I was sure my voice sounded muffled to her. 

“Why?” 

“Just do it. I think I know the source of our mystery presents.” 

I heard her clamber around to the back of the fireplace. “And what, exactly, am I looking for?”

“I don’t know, some kind of door or hatch or something.”

A few seconds passed before as a second source of light came spilling out of the small compartment door. I looked in to see a row of presents, all in their own cubbyholes, arranged around some kind of chained track. My had was inches away from a grabbing mechanism and the motorized hinge of the compartment. 

Meredith’s voice was clearer and closer, so I knew she was speaking through the hatch she’d found above. “Holy crap! What the hell is this thing?”

“I think I know.” I said. “It’s a gimmick. You put presents in the back and this system moves them around and drops them from the chimney for you. The parents can say, ‘Look, Santa is sending you one early’. It’s a thing for kids.”

There was relief in her voice when she spoke again. “Oh, thank God. I thought they were coming from a wormhole or something.”

I closed the door and retreated out of the fireplace. Meredith was already taking the presents out of the back. “I guess the parents forgot to take these out before donating it.” She gleaned up. “Well, don’t just stand there. Help me get these out.”

—-

There were six more presents altogether, each wrapped in a different style of paper. Given the glasses, shoe, and tie from earlier we weren’t expecting toys as we unwrapped them. But each passing “gift” only made us more uneasy. 

It made for an odd, disquieting tableau once we laid them all out on the coffee table. A woman’s red sweater, torn at the left shoulder. A pair of house keys. The missing lens from the pair of glasses. An empty wallet. A broken necklace, box full of separated links. And, worst of all, a dried, bloody band-aid wrapped with a crusty piece of gauze.

“Who the hell were these people?” Meredith asked, leaning back onto the couch. “There’s no way any of these were meant as real gifts, even as a white elephant. What’s the point of buying something like that if you’re only going to have it dispense \**this\** stuff? And they went to all the trouble of wrapping it all in different paper, too.”

“I don’t know. Some people just aren’t right, I guess.” It was an inadequate explanation, but it was all I dared to think at the moment.

“Well, first thing tomorrow we’re taking it right back to the sore. Let someone else take this creep’s holiday memorabilia home.” She began gathering up the wrapping paper. 

My eyes drifted over to the Fireplace and I noticed, for the first time, the scratch marks down the side. The wood and plastic stonework was slashed in multiple places. Especially around the base. The glowing logs had a number done on them as well.

“Looks like Misty used it as a scratching post after all. She doesn’t like it either. One more reason to get rid of it.” I said. 

Meredith stopped cleaning up and looked troubled. “Have you seen her since we got home? She usually comes to the door when I come in, but she didn’t tonight.” 

Now that I thought about it, I hadn’t. She usually came to supervise whatever we were doing in the living room in the evenings, but there was neither hide nor hair or our gray furball.

The next thing I knew, we were going all around the house, looking under chairs, in the bathroom, and inside the kitchen cabinets. I tried calling her name a few times before realizing she wasn’t a dog. As evening turned to night and we ran out of places to search, Meredith grew more frantic.

“Maybe she slipped out when I was coming in the door. I was checking a text from work and could’ve missed her. Or maybe she’s stuck somewhere! Oh God, Matt, what if she got inside the walls?”

I tried to calm her down. “Babe, it’s okay. Cats just disappear like this sometimes. Maybe she’s holding us being away all day against us particularly hard today. She’ll turn up. Look, why don’t we sit down and watch a movie?”

Meredith only agreed to this plan if we set Misty’s food dish on the ground beside the couch. At every commercial break she shook the bowl, hoping the sound would attract her. But as *Love Actually* reached the final airport scene, it was clear she’d stopped paying attention long ago.

“I just don’t know where she could have gone.”

I turned off the TV and started unplugging the lights. Truth be told, I was starting to lose hope too. But as we walked towards the stairs, I tried one more time to assure her. “This is her home. If she got outside somehow, she’d find her way back. I’m sure she’ll be scratching on the front door anytime now if it comes to that.”

I glanced back at the scratches on the Fireplace one last time. Misty had been right, of course. Animals have a sixth sense like that.

—--

I was woken up around 8:00 the next morning by a box being thrown onto my stomach.

“Wha…?” I was still half asleep, trying to process what was happening, when Meredith’s voice, angry and demanding, cut through the fog.

“Is this a joke, Matthew?”

I blinked a few times and sat up. It took me a second to process what was in my lap. Another gift, this one a swirling design of purple snowflakes. The paper was torn away and the lid was off.

“I found that in front of the Fireplace when I went to make coffee. Did you sneak downstairs and wrap this in the middle of the night?

I looked inside the box and my blood ran cold. I put a shaky hand inside and pulled out Misty’s collar, the red one with blue stripes. Her name tag glinted in the sunlight that streamed through the window.

“What? What are you talking about?” I turned to look at Meredith, who continued her death glare.

“It was wrapped and everything. What happened to Misty, Matt? Did you find her and think this would be cute? Because it’s not. Especially involving the Fireplace. Where is she?”

“I have no idea where this came from. I slept the whole night through. Merry, you have to believe me.” 

But it was obvious she didn’t. She began tearing through the bedroom, looking under the bed and throwing the closet apart. 

“Uh huh. And I suppose it just materialized in front of the Fireplace? We took everything out of it. It was empty. Look, just tell me where she is so we can get on with our day.”

We continued arguing, her accusing me of hiding Misty, and me trying to defend myself. The words got more heated and our voices louder. I ended up going downstairs and collapsing on the couch while she went into the bathroom and slammed the door.

She’d left a Kenny G Christmas album playing on the stereo. As the gooey saxophone ripples started to melt my brain, something came to me.

I got up and eyed the Fireplace again. The scratches in the plastic were deep, deeper than I thought. And given the location of scratched-off pieces, Misty’s claws had dragged…from inside the Fireplace. There was a bit of her gray fur on top of the logs.

I climbed behind it and opened the hatch. Just as I’d expected the slots were empty. All six. 

It clicked then. There had been six presents for six slots. That’s all that could fit in there. 

Where had the other four come from? The shoe, the glasses, the one under the couch, and especially Misty’s collar?

My thoughts were interrupted by the bedroom door slamming. I peeked out from behind the Fireplace to see Meredith coming down the stairs two at a time. Her keys jangled in her hand.

“I’m going out for a while. Maybe I’ll stop by Mom and Dad’s. Please, when I get back, stop the jokes.”

Before I could get a word in edgewise, the door slammed behind her. 

The next thing I knew, I was rummaging around under the couch. It somehow looked worse than the previous morning. The paper was more tattered, and the ribbon practically falling off.

I tore off the lid and peered inside. It was almost funny. A dog collar, with little mistletoes decorating it. I read the name *Benny* on the tag. 

I glanced up. The interior of the Fireplace looked darker than I remembered. I couldn’t even see the back wall behind the logs. With a loud thump, another present came falling out of the chimney, tumbling over itself and landing next to the coffee table.

Something snapped in me then. I don’t know if it was leftover adrenaline from the fight between Meredith and I, the sheer impossibility of it all, or the fact I missed my cat. Before I could stop myself, I was on my hands and knees and crawling inside the fireplace. 

I was slow in raising myself up, crouching slightly to not hit my head on the top of the chimney. I barely registered I was now standing at my full height before feeling around in the darkness for a second hatch, another compartment to put more presents in. But as the cool, almost Arctic air draped down my shoulders, I was increasingly aware that was an impossibility.

My finger pricked on something sharp and I drew back in surprise, banging my elbow on the opposite wall. I reached up again in the gloom and yanked it out.

It was one of Misty’s claws. It had to be. Embedded inside the chimney. A few rows up the fake stones was what appeared to be a fingernail. I spotted a second and third, jutting out from the cracks, as I gazed upward. The chimney continued, well past where it should have stopped, plastic stonework looking more like real masonry, until the shaft disappeared into darkness. 

From somewhere high above, I heard a meow. 

“Misty!?” I cried, momentarily forgetting what a terrible situation I’d gotten myself in. 

The meow came again, and I detected movement just on the edge of the shadows. If I squinted just right, it looked like a cat’s tail, swinging in a slow, lazy arc.

“Misty! That’s it, girl! Come on down!” I stretched up on my tiptoes and reached as far up as I could. When my fingers touched the fur, I registered two things at once.

First, it was cold and stiff. Not like the warm softness of a cat at all.

Second, the tail had come down a bit too far out of the shadows and I saw what was on the end, holding it out like fishing lure. A hand, old, ashen gray, and gnarled. For a moment, I thought I saw a white ruff and a red sleeve behind it.

In the seconds it took to process this, the hand dropped the tail and grasped mine, intertwining our fingers and digging its nails into my palm.

I screamed and tried to pull back, but the grip was like a vice. It began retreating upward, slowly taking me with it. I batted at it weakly with my other hand and tried to grab at something to stop the ascent, but my fingers skated uselessly over the stones. 

With mounting horror, I realized my feet were starting to leave the ground. I swung my legs outwards, trying to hook one of them on the edge of the opening, but missed.

The hand dug its nails in tighter. I felt blood well on my palm and start dripping down my arm.

I swung again and managed to catch my foot on the edge. Instantly a hot bolt of pain shot down my arm, concentrated in my wrist. I flexed my muscles and tried to hold it as long as I could. Wildly looking down, I saw the severed tail lying next to the plastic logs, like a gray worm. I swung my other foot and hooked that one as well, anchoring myself.

The pain in my wrist was getting worse, mounting in intensity with each passing second. Suddenly, a cool rush of air came upon me and something collided with my face. I cried out and nearly lost the leverage. As it slid off and tumbled to the ground below, I barely had time to register a flash of red wrapping paper.

A barrage of presents came after that, falling from the pit above me, each one landing on my head, neck, or face. My wrist felt like someone had poured molten lava on it. I looked, barely moving my head to avoid another falling gift, and looked at the thing grasping me. I could see its fingertips beneath my skin, close to breaking through the back of my hand. 

I felt my leverage start to loosen, the muscles in my legs starting to give out from the exertion. They began to relax slowly, slipping ever closer off the edge. My mind spun wildly and I thought of Meredith coming home to find a particularly large gift waiting for her. One foot slipped away. I closed my eyes…

Suddenly, my whole arm was struck by a bolt of pain. I let out another involuntary scream and the blood that was trickling down suddenly became a river, splattering down onto my face. With a sickening *crack*, the pressure suddenly let go and I was falling. The thing had something in its grip, pale and dripping, as it suddenly vanished upwards into the shadows.

I hit the ground and rolled to the side, banging my head on the plastic logs. Breathing heavily, I dragged myself out of the fireplace, leaving a wet trail behind. The presents were soaked with red. Several more come down the chimney.

I dialed on my phone, staining the screen, and set it on the coffee table. The pain in my wrist had intensified to such a degree I didn’t feel it anymore. Ignoring my slippery fingers, I reached for the nearest present.

I barely registered Meredith’s voice. “Well, are you ready to give up on the charade?”

I tore at the paper, but it wasn’t going fast enough, so I ripped the ribbon off with my teeth. I spat it out and lifted the lid.

“I found Misty. Misty’s here. She was in the Fireplace the whole time.”

Inside the box was a severed finger. A wedding ring sparkled just above the knuckle.

“They’re here too. The previous owners. No trouble getting a hold of them now.”

Gifts were still tumbling out of the fireplace, making a large pile that buried the logs. I tore open another one. An eyeball, dry, the blue of the iris faded to a murky gray.

“Matt. Matt. What are you talking about? You sound insane. Are you okay?”

“Just fine!” I cried, tearing the lid off another. An entire set of dog’s teeth, rattling inside the box like a snake. “You have fun…I’ll stay here and open everything!”

The next box was bigger than the others, and heavier. A few long dark hairs hanging out the end of the lid clued me as to what was inside. 

“What? Matt, please…” but I hung up. 

That was about twenty minutes ago. There’s been several more calls but I’ve ignored them all. The presents continue to drop down the chimney, about one a minute. It’s hard to tear the paper and arrange things with only one hand. But I’m managing. 

It’s easy to follow, like putting a Lego set together. Piece after piece. Pretty soon I’ll have the whole family laid out here on the floor. Mom, Dad, Bobby, and Benny. And Misty! Won’t Merry be pleased to have her back?

The gifts are starting to make quite a mountain. Lots of them are dripping. The carpet is soaked and matted. It’s making a terrible mess. I hope I finish before these black spots at the corners of my eyes go away.
Title: I was warned never to ignore the 'Red Ink' rules on my Army night shift. I didn't listen, and now I’m marked.

For those who didn't see my first report, you can find the details here in the army, and I’ve been in long enough to know that rules are usually there for a reason. But last night, I thought I knew better. I ignored the 'Red Ink' SOP (Standard Operating Procedure) while on staff duty, and I thought I’d gotten away with it.

I was wrong, and I brought the shift home with me....

I was in my apartment. My kitchen was exactly where it was supposed to be, but the hallway... the hallway was different. It was longer. And I was hearing that damn floor buffer again.

I’ve been off the desk for over twelve hours at that point, and should have been in a deep post-Staff Duty coma. Instead, I was standing in my pajamas with my knees bent inwards as I shook with my 9mm in hand.

I thought I escaped that building. I thought Miller being in the clinic meant the "event" was over. But when I woke up from a nap an hour ago, I realized I didn't bring just my laundry bag home.

I went into the kitchen to get a glass of water, and there, sitting on my counter, was a DA Form 1594. It wasn't a copy. It was the original from the desk. But the entries... they aren't mine. Carefully written in each block respectively, I read the notes:

>**1800:** *SFC Crawford arrived at residence. Subject believes he is off-duty. Subject is incorrect.* 
**1930:** *Subject entered REM sleep. The Third Floor moved into the crawlspace above Subject’s bedroom.* 
**2100:** *Subject is staring at this log. The Red Ink is dry. The Runner is waiting behind the refrigerator.*

I froze. I live alone. I checked the "Red Ink" folder I’d swiped—the one SSG Halloway told me was the *real* SOP. I flipped to a page I hadn’t seen before. It was hand-written, the ink so fresh it smeared under my thumb:

>**Rule #9: The Ghost Roster.** 
*If the NCO in Charge leaves the AO before the 'Recording' on the 3rd floor finishes, the AO expands to include the NCO’s primary residence. Do not check your closets. If you hear a floor buffer in your hallway, do not look at the floor. The 'Janitor' does not like to be watched while he cleans the blood.*

I heard it then. The unmistakable, rhythmic *whir-slap, whir-slap* of an industrial floor buffer. It was coming from my hallway—the one with the hardwood floors I just waxed last week.

I grabbed my phone to call 1SG, but the screen didn't show my wallpaper. It was a live feed of my own kitchen. In the video, I’m standing there looking at the 1594, but there’s a hand—a pale, grey hand with fingers that are too long—reaching out from the gap behind my fridge. It’s holding a pen. A red pen.

Then my phone buzzed. A text from an unknown number. 
*" Hey, 'Sarnt, this is Miller. I’m at the clinic, but the doctors say I have 'Cursive Throat.' They’re going to sew my name tape onto my skin now. Are you coming to visit? The Third Floor missed you. It’s much bigger now. It’s everywhere."*

I looked at the hallway. The floor buffer sound stopped. In the silence, I heard a TikTok audio. It was that same six-second clip that was playing on repeat from Miller's phone from the incident much earlier, but now the lyrics were just my own name being chanted in a guttural, wet rasp.

I’ve survived three deployments and 15 years of the green machine, but as I watch the door handle to my bedroom slowly turn, I shriek like a little girl as I realize the "Red Ink" SOP wasn't a warning for the building...

*It was a warning for me*.

I stood in my kitchen, my 9mm heavy in my hand. My apartment hallway didn’t lead to my bathroom anymore. It stretched into a dimly lit corridor of concrete and eggshell paint. The smell of industrial wax was overwhelming. I wasn't in my home; my home had been annexed by the 3rd floor.

Then I saw him.

Miller was standing at the end of the long hallway. He wasn't scrolling on his phone. He was holding a floor buffer, moving it in slow, rhythmic circles. His OCP uniform looked charred, and that cursive name tape was glowing a faint, sickly red.

"Sergeant First Class Crawford," he said, his voice sounding like it was coming from the bottom of a well. "I didn't finish the log. You left before the 'Recording' ended. Now I have to stay until the ink runs out."

I didn't think. I dropped the pistol. It wouldn't work against a ghost anyway. Then, I ran. I didn't run away from him, but rather, I ran *at* him. I grabbed him by his uniform top and slammed him against the wall. The wall felt like cold meat.

"PFC Miller, look at me!" I roared, using my best 'drill sergeant' voice to break the trance. "You are on my roster! I am your NCO! You do not take orders from a manila folder! We are clearing this AO right now!"

The floor buffer shrieked, a sound like a human scream. The 'Janitor', a shadow taller than the ceiling, bloomed behind Miller. I felt a searing heat, like the "Heat Bloom" from the parade field.

I pulled out the Manila folder. I realized then what the "Red Ink" really was. It wasn't just instructions; it was a contract.

"I’m the NCOIC!" I shouted at the shadow. "I am the primary hand-receipt holder! If Miller is 'Short' on his shift, I’ll cover the balance! Sign him over to me!"

I bit my thumb hard and smeared my own blood across the 'Relieved by' line on the DA Form 1594.

The world tilted. The sound of the TikTok audio reached a deafening crescendo and then... silence.

I blinked, and I was back in my kitchen. The hallway was normal again. The smell of wax was gone, replaced by the scent of my cold coffee. Miller was slumped on my floor, breathing hard, his uniform back to normal. No cursive. Just "MILLER" in standard block letters.

He looked up at me, his eyes clearing. "Um.. 'Sarnt? Where are we? I thought... I thought I was on the 3rd floor." I helped him up. He’s alive. He’s safe. He’s back on the roster.

 
It’s now 23:30. Miller is back at his barracks, tucked into his bunk. The clinic staff called me earlier, confused, asking how he’d 'discharged himself' without anyone seeing him leave. I told them he’d just walked back to the company area and I’d caught up with him. I’m a SFC; they didn't question me. They just filed the paperwork.

But I’m looking at my hand. The 'Red Ink' I used to sign the form? It didn't wash off. It’s stained into my skin, right across my palm. It’s a permanent hand-receipt.

I’m still deployment ready. My PT score is good, and my weapon is clean. But I know that the next time my name is on that Duty Roster, the folder won't be behind the printer. It’ll be waiting on the desk, already open to my name. If it's anything that might give me PTSD, it won't be my past deployments, but rather, this damned staff duty I now have to deal with.

The 3rd floor didn't want Miller. It wanted an NCO.

I have Staff Duty again in three weeks. Gods help whoever is my Runner for that...
Title: My wife went missing, and I should not be seeking her.

I experienced a pretty dark day. My wife went missing after staying with me for 15 years, and just disappeared when she took a walk with her dog, Fortune. But she never came back. One hour, three hours passed, and the whole night passed.

I began to worry about her getting lost, but her car key and car were still on the table, and it was supposed that the wolves’ habitat was still 50 km away from this peaceful town where we knew each other well. I thought of a kidnapper. I tried to call 911, but the police just dismissed it after they searched for 3 days. Later, they marked it as simply a missing person case.

Other nice people in town also tried to help me, but we couldn't find any remains of my unfortunate woman, a pitiful woman with a warm heart, or the dog. My heart was not only broken, but also shattered beyond repair. At that instant, I felt I had lost the idea to live, almost.

I began to search around my town. I took the torchlight, followed the memories, the places she might love to walk alone. At this time, I still had the lightest hope that she might have just gone missing by herself, still waiting for me somewhere outside town.

I knew about the forest and the trails around town very well, perhaps. I was calling her name when I went deeper and deeper into the forest outside town.

I had already left the main trail that folks used to take for a walk. I didn’t care. I swore that if I couldn’t find her, I would never end searching. Until suddenly, my feet hit a stone. I took a look. It was a brick. There was a black, smoked thing in front of me. A school.

There was a very old school that had been abandoned 20 years ago, but I never had any memory of this school, even though I lived in this town for many years. But suddenly I had something in my mind that seemed to urge me to explore the abandoned school.

What if I might find my lover here? Even though the hope might be faint, it is not impossible, I thought.

I entered the walls, which had already fallen and become broken bricks. There was a fountain at entry, but already dry. Far over, there was a broken path directly to the teaching buildings. Plants had already occupied most of the campus. It did not surprise me much.

But at the end of the path, among the line of classrooms, there was one that did not seem to have been affected by grasses and branches. No roots were going inside. It seemed someone cleaned it? I thought and entered with curiosity. It was already turning dark when I reach the end, why is today turning dark so fast.

When I entered the broken door of that classroom, I found it had been totally smoked, as if by fire. I was stunned. The inside of it seemed never changed, totally new, no mold, no plants, no sign of any living things might have come after it had been abandoned.

Although I felt strange, I still kept entering, kept exploring. The power source seemed already broken. The switches were just gone. But… but light. Were they on? The lights seemed to work.

“It is impossible!” I thought. “What was the power source for this light? It had already been abandoned for at least 15 years!”

I went deeper, going outside the range of the light. I had to use my torchlight to scan the surroundings. Everything seemed badly preserved compared to the area covered by light. Chairs were already broken, their legs couldn’t support anything. Desks were covered with mold. The floor was already broken or full of dust. Really, nothing surprised me here.

I walked to the last line of the classroom, using the torchlight to scan each inch of the space carefully. There began to appear books and papers, covered in dust. I took a look at them, using my fingers to flip them carefully, and tried to read them.

There were just notes, symbols, and very rough drawings, childish. Perhaps this was just someone’s math class before, I thought, reading those notes without much attention.

I found a piece of paper which seemed surprisingly new, not covered in any dust. Wait, but I never saw it before when I found this deck of paper, I thought. It was strange.

I began to read it. At the start of the note on this paper, it was written in a mess style, but seems familiar:

“I love you so much! We used to be here. We cleaned this classroom for you. We can stay together! We are staying here, always, when you are reading this. We are watching you. We used to watch you.”

“What the heck is this? Someone loved to sit here, perhaps just some messy stuff left by the boring guys who visited here, but why was the writing similar to my wife” I murmured.

“Are you sure?” A voice suddenly appeared in the darkness behind me, hoarse, but scary enough to make me freeze and unable to move anymore. I felt my blood run cold. I began to turn my head, slowly, painfully, to my back.

I moved the torchlight slowly, inch by inch, through the classroom, until it moved to the place where that small piece of light illuminated. But this time, I found it was not the light itself. It was a tall, skinny humanoid figure standing in front of the classroom. That light without a power source was just located—or I should say, grew—at its head.

The figure moved its head when my torchlight pointed at it. It was so tall that it already reached the upper floor, but still might bend its waist. It seemed like a terrible combination of a human and a giraffe. Every move of it was cumbersome but still full of flexibility, and its ankles worked in an unnatural way.

“Are you sure?” It spoke again, but this time in a female voice, which seemed familiar to me.

“Laya’s voice?” I thought.

“C...o…r…rect!” it said.

“Wait, you can know my mind?” I suddenly thought in panic, and my mind was asking me to run as the creature began to move towards me from the front.

Its huge body did not even seem hard to move in this small space of the classroom. I moved to another side of the classroom. But this thing turned even before I made the move. Its speed in this small room seemed very unnatural. Just as my eyes blinked for a second, the creature had already rushed towards me, just a few feet away. Just one more step, and it could reach me.

I closed my eyes. I knew I didn’t have any hope to face this predatory thing that could read my mind and move at inhuman speed. When I was waiting for my death, everything seemed to just stop.

I still closed my eyes, then opened them again, but nothing happened. That human-like creature, with extremely exaggerated height but inhuman speed, was just gone. I moved my torchlight around every corner of the classroom. But there was nothing here. The classroom was still silent, and seemed never changed.

I checked myself. I was already covered in sweat from the escape and fear. But at least everything had ended, perhaps. But was it that I really heard my wife’s voice from that creature? Did that creature swallow my wife? I thought.

When I passed the wooden door that seemed illuminated by light without a power source, I entered another classroom. I tried to look for another exit, but failed. I was trapped here.

I thought about calling someone. Maybe I could stop anyone else from coming here.

I took out my phone, my fingers shaking. I needed to warn someone. Anyone.

Suddenly, my torchlight went dark. I pressed the button again and again. It didn’t work.

Then the surrounding area became bright again. It wasn’t my torchlight. A light appeared on the upper floor, without any power source.

“Are you sure?”

The question felt comforting. Reassuring.

“Help,” I said into the phone. “We’re here. Please come.”

#
Title: My dog Is walking on two legs

I live alone in a secluded house in the mountainous region near Petrópolis. It’s a quiet place, surrounded by dense forest, perfect for anyone looking to escape the chaos of Rio de Janeiro on weekends and holidays.

My only constant companion is Barnaby. Barnaby is, or was, a four-year-old Golden Retriever. Forty kilos of pure love, with fluffy golden fur. He is the kind of dog that gets scared of his own farts and brings you a slipper when you get home, wagging his tail so hard his whole body wiggles along with it.

It all started three days ago, on a Tuesday night. It was pouring rain. One of those summer storms that knocks out the power and turns the dirt roads into mud pits. I was on the porch, smoking a cigarette and watching the rain, with Barnaby lying at my feet.

Suddenly, he lifted his head. His ears went erect. The fur on his neck bristled. He was staring at the tree line, where the forest begins. It’s pitch black out there at night, but he saw something. Barnaby let out a low growl. Not the playful growl he makes when we play tug-of-war. This was a guttural, vibrating sound that seemed to come from deep within his chest. It was Fear.

“What is it, boy?” I asked, putting out my cigarette. Barnaby didn’t look at me. He was fixated on the darkness.

And then, he did something he had never done before. He ran.

He jumped the low porch railing and bolted toward the forest, barking furiously.

“Barnaby! No! Get back here!” I screamed. But the thunder drowned out my voice. He vanished into the trees.

I spent an hour calling him. I grabbed my flashlight and raincoat, stepping a bit into the woods. Nothing. The rain washed away any scent or tracks. I went back inside, soaked and worried. Domestic dogs don’t last long in the wild. There are snakes, cougars, and traps set by illegal poachers. I left the back door unlocked, put out a bowl of fresh food, and sat in the living room, waiting, listening to the rain on the roof.

I fell asleep on the couch. I woke up at 3:00 AM to a sound. Claws on the wooden floor. I jumped up.

The back door was open. “Barnaby?”

He was in the kitchen, standing over his water bowl. Drinking, but... in a strange way. He wasn't lapping up the water noisily like he always did. Instead, he had his snout submerged in the water, motionless, as if he were absorbing the liquid by osmosis.

I sighed with relief. “You idiot,” I walked over to him. “You scared me. Where did you go?”

He lifted his head. He was wet and covered in mud. There was a smell on his fur. Not the smell of wet dog. It smelled like overturned earth and something rotting—something sickly sweet.

“Gross, Barnaby. Did you roll in a carcass?”

He didn’t wag his tail. He just looked at me. Golden Retrievers have brown, warm, expressive eyes. But Barnaby’s eyes were... opaque in that moment. There was a milky film over them. And he didn’t blink.

He stared at me for ten whole seconds. Without moving a muscle. Without panting.

“Come on, boy. Bath tomorrow. Bed now.” I pointed to his bed in the corner of the room. He didn’t move.

“Bed!” I ordered, more firmly. Barnaby turned his body. Not in a fluid motion. It was a rigid movement. First the front paws, then the torso, then the back paws. Like a tank maneuvering.

He went to his bed and lay down. But he didn’t curl up. He lay on his stomach, with all four legs stretched out and his head held high, staring at the wall.

"He must be traumatized," I thought. "He saw some animal in the woods and got spooked." I locked the door and went to sleep.

The next day, things got worse. The smell didn’t come out with the bath. And I bathed him with flea shampoo, scrubbing until my arms ached. But that smell seemed to emanate from beneath his skin. And the skin itself... While I was soaping him up, I felt that it was loose.

Dogs have loose skin on their necks, I know. But this was different. It felt like his skin was a suit one size too big for his body. When I pulled at his fur, the skin came away too easily, sliding over the muscles as if it weren't connected.

And he was cold. Dogs have a higher body temperature than humans. They are warm to the touch. Barnaby was freezing. Like a slab of steak taken out of the fridge.

“You must be sick,” I murmured. “Hypothermia, maybe?”

I tried to give him a treat. He loved liver biscuits. I placed the biscuit in front of his nose. He sniffed it. Or pretended to sniff it. Then, he opened his mouth and let the biscuit fall inside. He didn’t chew. He just swallowed it whole, with a convulsive movement of his throat, like a snake swallowing an egg. I shivered all over.

I spent the day working in my home office. Barnaby stayed in the hallway. He didn’t sleep. Every time I looked, he was there. Sitting... strangely. Too upright. His spine perfectly straight, his front legs stiffly extended. He looked like an Egyptian statue, not a normal dog.

And... he was watching me. Whenever I turned my head quickly, he was staring. But as soon as our eyes met, he would look away at the floor. As if he were... dissembling.

That night, I called my ex-girlfriend, Clara, who is a vet.

“Clara, Barnaby is acting weird. He’s cold, his skin is loose, he’s not eating right. And he’s looking at me funny,” I said, worried.

“Did he vomit? Have diarrhea?” she asked.

“No. He just... doesn’t act like he used to. He seems like a robot.”

“It must be PTSD if he ran into the woods. Or he might have eaten a poisonous toad. Bring him here tomorrow morning,” she said.

“Okay. I’ll bring him.”

“Oh, and David...” she hesitated. “Lock him in the guest room tonight. In case he has rabies or some neurological condition, he might get aggressive.”

“Barnaby? Aggressive? He’s afraid of butterflies, Clara.”

“Just for safety.”

I hung up. I looked at the hallway. Barnaby wasn’t there anymore.

“Boy?”

I went to the living room. Nothing. Kitchen. Nothing. Then I heard a noise coming from the guest room. The sound of little paws on the floor. But the rhythm was wrong. It didn’t sound like four paws... it sounded like two, like human footsteps.

I walked to the guest room door, which was ajar. I pushed it open slowly.

The room was dark, lit only by the moonlight coming through the window. Barnaby was there.

He was standing. Not resting on his hind legs to look out the window. Not jumping.

He was standing.

His hind legs were straight, the knees locked backward. His torso was upright. His front paws hung by his sides, limp, swaying slightly. He was facing away from me, looking into the wardrobe mirror. Watching himself.

He tilted his head to the left. Then to the right. Then, he tried to lift one of his front paws. The toes of his paw moved. Not like dog paws, which are fused. The toes separated and stretched, making a grasping motion in the air. I heard a sound.

A raspy whisper, coming from his throat. “Aaaarrrr... tuuurrr.”

My bladder let go. I felt warm urine run down my leg. I didn’t scream. The terror was so absolute it stole my voice. I took a step back. The floorboard creaked.

Barnaby’s head turned. Not his body. Just his head. It rotated almost 180 degrees, like an owl, to look at me over his shoulder. The neck twisted the loose skin like a wet rag. He smiled.

Dogs seem to "smile" when they are panting, tongue out. This wasn’t that. The black lips pulled upward, revealing all his teeth, including the molars way in the back. The mouth opened too wide, tearing slightly at the corners. There was no tongue. Just a black hole in his throat.

I slammed the door shut. I ran to my room and locked the door. I pushed the dresser in front of it. I grabbed my phone. No signal. Yesterday’s storm must have knocked out the tower’s power again.

I sat on the bed, clutching a baseball bat, shaking violently.

I heard footsteps in the hallway. Heavy footsteps. Bipedal. They stopped in front of my bedroom door. I heard the sound of his breathing through the wood. A wet, bubbling sound. And then, the doorknob turned. Slowly. The metal knob creaked. It turned left, then right. He was trying to open it.

With his paws.

“Go away!” I screamed. “Get out of my house!”

The movement of the doorknob stopped. Silence. Then, a voice. It wasn’t my voice. It wasn’t a movie monster voice. It was a collage of sounds.

“Sit... Stay... Good boy... Walk?”

He was repeating the words I said to him. But the intonation was wrong. The syllables were cut and pasted, like a defective recorder.

“David... biscuit... David... open.”

I started to cry. “You’re not Barnaby. What did you do to him?”

Silence again. Then, I heard a sound that broke my heart. The sound of Barnaby whining. That high-pitched little cry he made when he wanted into the room.

“Huuuum... wooof... wooof...”

It sounded so real. For a second, I thought: Am I crazy? Is he hurt out there and I locked him out?

But then the whine changed. It dropped in pitch. It became deep. It turned into a laugh. A dry, human laugh coming from a dog’s throat.

He started throwing himself against the door. The door shook. The dresser slid a few inches. That animal weighed forty kilos, but the force with which he hit felt like a hundred. The wood of the door began to crack. I looked at the window. Second floor. If I jumped, I’d break my legs. But if I stayed... it could be worse.

Suddenly, the sound stopped. The footsteps moved away. Going down the stairs.

I went to the window and peeked, hiding behind the curtain. The front door of the house opened.

The Thing that used to be my dog walked out. It walked on two legs, but grotesquely. The rear knees, which on dogs bend backward, were forced to bend forward, popping with every step. The golden torso shone under the moonlight. He walked to the middle of the lawn. And stopped.

He looked up, at my window. Knowing I was watching. He raised his right front paw and... waved. A rigid, human wave.

Then, he ran into the forest. But he didn’t run like a dog. He ran like a naked, deformed man, flailing his arms, disappearing into the darkness.

I stayed awake until dawn. When the sun came up, I grabbed my car keys, the baseball bat, and went downstairs. The house smelled like rot. There were mud marks and a viscous slime on my bedroom doorknob, the stair railing, the fridge. The fridge was open. All the raw meat was gone. The Styrofoam trays were torn on the floor. He ate everything. Including the plastic.

I ran to the car. As I drove down the dirt road to get out of there, I saw something on the edge of the woods.

I stopped the car. It was a collar. Barnaby’s red collar. It was lying on the ground, near a bush. And next to the collar... the rest. I won’t describe it in detail. But what I found there wasn’t a whole dog. It was... the inside part.

As if someone had taken off a dog suit and left the inside behind. The skin was gone. The head was gone. Only the muscles, organs, and bones remained, surgically clean.

I vomited right there. I got in the car and drove to the city. I went straight to the police. I told an edited version of the story. I said someone broke into my house, killed my dog, and threatened me. I didn’t mention the dog walking on two legs. They would have institutionalized me. The police went out there. They filed a report. They found Barnaby’s remains in the woods.

“Probably a jaguar,” the sergeant said. “Or some psychopath. We’ll investigate.”

I never went back to that house. I’m living in an apartment in downtown Rio, on the 15th floor. I sold the house for half its value. I thought I was safe here.

But last night... last night I was in the elevator. Going up alone. The elevator stopped on the 4th floor. The door opened. There was no one there. The hallway was empty.

I was about to press the button to close the door when I heard it. Coming from the end of the dark corridor. That sound of two paws on the floor.

I looked closely. Deep in the shadows, there was a silhouette. It wasn’t a dog. It looked like a man. A tall, thin man, wearing a long trench coat. But the way he was standing... The head tilted at an impossible angle. Arms too long, reaching past his knees. He was facing away. The hallway light flickered. The figure turned around.

I didn’t see the face. He was wearing a hood or a hat. But I saw the feet. He wasn’t wearing shoes. The feet were hairy. And they had black claws that clicked against the ceramic tiles.

And as the elevator door started to close, I heard the voice. Not a bark. But my own voice, whispered, echoing through the empty hall:

“Good... boy.”

The door closed. I am locked in my apartment now. I pushed the fridge against the door. I hear them out there. It’s not just one. It seems he taught others. They are scratching at the door.

Not at the bottom, where a dog would scratch. They are scratching at the height of the peephole.

They want to come in. And I don’t think they just want to bite me. I think Barnaby learned to walk on two legs because dog skin was too limiting. He wants something with thumbs. He wants something that can open doors. He wants my skin.

If you have a dog... and he runs into the woods at night... Do not go after him. And if he comes back different... if he looks at you for too long... if he seems to understand what you say a little too well... Lock the door.

And pray. Pray he hasn’t learned how to turn the knob.
Title: Coworker Didn't Follow a Weird Workplace Custom and I Think He Died Because of It

I work in maintenance at a museum in the Midwest (not giving the city because it’d be so easy to find lol). We mainly focus on local/regional history, but we also host many events in the city. Most of these events run late, and I'll be clocking out around 12:00 AM - 1:00 AM. I'm really only working here to save up for an eventual move to Chicago next Summer. Because of that, I haven't really made too many friends, and, to be honest, I don't even have my boss's name saved in my contacts.

But I got trained by a guy named Justin. He was super cool. We would work events, and he would show me the ropes around the building. Literally everything about the guy is and was normal. We would work late, listen to music, and laugh at brain rot. He'd worked there for years, and he knew more about this building than anyone on the maintenance team. Just a cool guy, and a good person to know if you work there. But one thing that always weirded me out was that he would make us say goodbye to Tucker every time we left for the night. Tucker is a taxidermied bison that sits right in the middle of our permanent exhibit. Tucker is extremely lifelike (kudos to the taxidermist). But his plaquard always gives me the creeps. It has so much detail about how he was killed and who killed him; it feels more like a trophy case than anything.

Justin would say, "Be sure to say bye to Tucker”. Most of the time, it was funny, but on certain nights it felt very eerie, almost ritualistic. I am easily scared when it gets too late, so I just chalked it up to that. But one night, when I was feeling this way, we were locking up this glass door right in front of Tucker and I turned to Justin and said something like, "Imagine if I decided not to say goodbye to Tucker and something bad happened." While locking the door, without turning around, Justin said, "Let's not talk like that”. It felt very casual, but that response just felt heavier than it should have.

Well, Justin quit about a month ago, and I've been training his replacement, Aiden. We were working an event together, and while I had nothing against him, Aiden and I did not click as Justin and I did. At the end of the night, it was around 11:45 PM. Aiden and I were on our way out. We'd turned off the lights, and I turned to him and said, "Now we gotta say bye to Tucker”. Aiden immediately laughed it off, told me it was dumb, and said he wasn't gonna say goodnight to the bison. Even though he didn't, I still did.

I had the weekend off, but got back to work on Monday, and my coworker told me that on the way home from our shift on Friday, Aiden got in a car accident and died.  I've texted and called Justin about it, but he hasn't responded. I’m working events alone now, and walking by Tucker in that dark exhibit alone, saying “bye” to him by myself feels very, very different.
Title: If you ever encounter a long-abandoned mining town without a single speck of decay, please, just keep driving.

The authorities say my friends *must* have gone crazy.

They claim no right-minded person would end things the way they did.

But we were only stranded in the desert for one night. Not weeks, not months, not even a full day. Twelve measly hours. 

Who loses their sanity over the course of a single night? 

There were four of us: Hailey, Yasmin, Theo, and me. We were an unlikely bunch. Not much overlap in lifestyles, career paths, or political leanings. That said, we all had three things in common:

We were young, we were healthy, and we all loved visiting abandoned places. 

Our destination that morning was an abandoned mining town located in southwest corner of our state. Just a mile from the nearest highway, nestled snuggly in the valley between a pair of red rock mountains, there it was:

Wasichu. 

Per usual, Hailey led the charge. 

She flung herself from the passenger seat and began dashing towards a nearby church. Theo was livid. I, on the other hand, couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight. There was something comedic about watching a woman clad in a lavender Lululemon body suit sprinting full-tilt into a ghost town. Wavering slightly in the wind, the town almost seemed to shy away from Hailey, as if she were an affront to their modest, God-fearing sensibilities. 

I slung my camera around my neck. With the midday sun beating waves of dry heat against our backs, we hopped out of Theo’s Jeep and began exploring. 

The town wasn’t much, but even from a distance, I could tell it was surprisingly pristine. As Yasmin, Theo, and I walked down Wasichu’s singular street, a sense of awe embedded itself deep into my gut. 

The Saloon’s porch was weathered, sure, but none of it was outright rotten. No holes, no obvious insects chewing through the wood, not one plank out of place. The schoolhouse windows were caked with dust, but none of them were broken. We could even read the signs denoting which building was which. By my estimation, the paint had to be more than a century old. 

It was incredible. 

Would’ve been even *more* incredible if Theo and Yasmin had the decency to fuck off somewhere else for a bit and leave me be. 

I couldn’t focus on taking good pictures. 

There was Yasmin and her oral fixation with sunflower seeds, audibly shattering the shells between her teeth, sometimes discharging a red-tinged glob of spit into a napkin if one of the shards jabbed her gums and drew blood. When she finished a bag, she always had another. Theo often joked that if we were to get lost, rescuers could just follow the trail of blood, spit, and empty plastic bags to our exact location. 

Not to say he was any better. 

Just as obnoxious in a different way. 

The man couldn’t shut his damn mouth.

Always chattering, always joking, always filling the air with some sort of meaningless drivel. When Hailey’s mom passed, he couldn’t even keep his lips sealed for the whole funeral sermon. He just *had* to comment on the shape of her coffin. Not even a quarter of the way through, he leaned over to me, whispering about how the edges were "weirdly round". Like they were burying her inside a hollowed out torpedo. 

Before long, I’d reached my limit. Told Theo and Yasmin I was going to splinter off on my own for a while. They were disappointed, but that was their business, not mine. I knew I’d jogged far enough ahead once I couldn’t hear the incessant chewing or the relentless jabbering anymore. 

I couldn’t hear anything at the end of the street, actually. 

Ain’t a lot of white noise in the desert - a gust of wind singing through a sand dune here, a grasshopper chirping in some bluegrass there - but this was different. The silence was pure. Oppressive. All-consuming.

I was standing in front of a squat, windowless building. A shed, maybe. Couldn’t be sure. It was the only building without signage. 

I twisted the doorknob. Didn’t open. My hand encountered a clunky resistance, like it was locked, but it couldn’t have been, because on the second try, it gave way. The hinges didn’t creak. My boots didn’t thump against the floorboards. Everything remained silent. 

A red-orange flicker met my eyes, pulsing, pushing back against a hungry darkness. 

Candlelight, I think. 

That’s where my memories end for a while.  

I didn’t pass out or anything. The sensation was gentler. Seamless. Similar to falling asleep. One minute, your head is resting on a pillow, and you’re reflecting on your day or reviewing what the plan is for the morning, and the next minute, you’re gone. Wisked away. 

Actually, I do remember *one* detail. A single sound, loud enough to pierce the silence, and one that I’d recognize anywhere.

*CLICK. CLICK. CLICK. CLICK.* 

The shuttering lens of my precious camera. 

My memories resume after nightfall. 

The veil rises, and I’m staring at a red-orange flicker and an encroaching darkness. At first, I thought I was still in the shed, but the scene had changed. The flames were larger, more effervescent, and the darkness was dappled with a bright array of white pinpoints. 

A campfire below a clear night sky. 

Theo’s voice booms into focus. 

“Jesus Christ, Hailey! Remember what Valentina said when she circled this place on our map?”

Yasmin was curled into a ball on the opposite side of the fire, knees tucked against her chest, head buried in her thighs. Theo was on his feet, gesturing wildly at Hailey, who was pacing so furiously that she was kicking up small clouds of sand in her wake. 

“Yes, Theo, of course I do - “ 

“Then why the fuck did you sprint into town when we got here? Valentina specifically said: ‘Look, don’t touch.’ That was the plan. We all agreed! We’ll stop, get a few pictures - from a distance - and enjoy the fucking scenery.”

Hailey threw her hands in the air. 

“You *really* think the land is...what...cursed? *That’s* why your car won’t start? You sure it isn’t your complete lack of responsibility? Your *absolute* failure to *ever* take good care of anything? I mean, give me a break, Theo.”

His pupils fell to the sand. Nascent tears shimmered against the roaring fire. 

“And you know what? If we’re taking a stroll down memory lane, remind me - did I put a gun to your head and force you into Wasichu?”

My eyes swung back to Hailey. Guess she could feel my gaze on her, because her attention flipped to me. 

“I’m sorry - something you’d like to add?”

I shook my head *no*.

“Then stop fucking staring at - “ 

Those were her last words. 

Hailey’s anger vanished. 

Her arms became limp. 

The expression on her face turned vacant; every muscle relaxed, except the ones that controlled her eyes. Both were bulging, practically exploding from their sockets. One eyelid retracted from view, rising so high that I couldn’t see it anymore, disappearing somewhere within her skull. The other hung halfway down. There was an indent above her lashes; a crescent from how hard her iris was pushing against the inside of the lid. 

There was a pause. 

Then, all at once, her body reactivated. 

She started sprinting. 

Wide, endless circles around Yasmin, Theo, and me. 

“Hailey...w-what are you doing?” Yasmin whimpered. 

No response. No change in her facial expression. 

“Jesus, what the fuck is wrong with you?” Theo said. 

She didn’t stop. She wouldn’t slow down. 

And I couldn’t pull my eyes away. 

Minutes passed. Our pleas fell on deaf ears. Her breathing became harsh. Sputtering wheezes spilled from her heaving rib cage. Her head became flushed, swelled with blood until it was the color of a bruise; a deep, throbbing indigo. My chest felt hot and heavy, like someone was ironing my breastbone. 

“Stop! Hailey, please, stop!” Yasmin screamed. 

Theo attempted to tackle her. 

He dove, but missed her waist. 

His arms wrapped around her shins. 

Hailey tripped, and the ball of her left ankle slammed into the hard sand. A sickening crunch radiated through the atmosphere. It barely slowed her pace. She ran on the mangled appendage like it was the most natural thing in the world. After Theo's attempt, Hailey changed her trajectory. She sprinted into the darkness, straight forward, full steam ahead. 

The rhythmic snaps of shredding tissue got quieter, and quieter, and eventually, we couldn’t hear anything at all. 

Yasmin collapsed onto her side and began to softly weep. 

Cross-legged, catatonic, Theo turned to me and asked:

“Why...why didn’t you try to help?”

I didn’t have an answer for him. 

All of a sudden, Theo leapt into the Jeep and jammed his keys into the ignition. Tried to resurrect his car for nearly an hour, to no avail. There was gas in the tank, and he could flick the headlights on and off, but the engine was stubbornly dead. The machinery refused to even make a sound. 

At some point, exhaustion put us all to sleep. 

*CLICK. CLICK. CLICK. CLICK.* 

I awoke in a sitting position. 

My eyes were already open. 

I could tell that Theo was still sleeping, but I wasn’t looking at him. 

In the dim light of the waning fire, I could see Yasmin on her knees, hunched over, spine curled. Both hands were darting between her mouth and the ground, over and over again. The scalding pressure against my chest returned. An endless series of gritty *squeaks* emanated from her churning jaw. The noise was hellish, but quiet. Wasn’t loud enough to wake Theo on its own. 

Yasmin’s eyes were bulging. One was half-concealed behind a paralyzed eyelid. The rest of her face was loose, abandoned, a mask that obscured everything but her eyes. 

She was eating anything that was in front of her. 

And I watched her do it. 

It was mostly sand. Handful after handful of grainy sediment. That said, Yasmin held no culinary discriminations; nothing was off the menu. Sagebrush. A line of ants. A few beetles. One small rodent I had trouble identifying before she shoved it into her waiting maw. Hell, I even saw her take a bite out of a tarantula. The injury wasn’t fatal. It skittered away on its remaining legs before she could deliver the killing blow. 

Her throat swelled. Her stomach expanded. I think I heard a muted *pop*. Minutes later, she fell onto her back, mercifully still, finally full. 

I waited, seemingly unable to do anything else.  

As dawn crested over the horizon, Theo woke up. 

He rubbed his eyes and saw me first: petrified, motionless, upright. Incrementally, I witnessed a gut-wrenching fear take hold of him. He turned over, and was greeted by the sight of Yasmin’s bloated corpse bathing in a golden sunrise. 

Theo sprang to his feet. 

His mouth opened wide like he was about to say something, chastise me for my indifference maybe, but that’s not what came out. 

The fear evaporated, his one eye bulged, and only then did he begin. 

It was the single loudest scream I had ever heard. 

And, God, to my abject horror, it just kept going. 

Seconds turned to minutes. The noise became shrill, crackling every so often. My ears began to ring. The valley brightened. Minutes accumulated. A gurgle crept into the scream. Blood trickled down the corners of his mouth. His lips turned the color of day’s old snow: the ashy white-blue of dirty slush piled high on the edges of busy streets. 

After about an hour, he choked, I think. Or he died from blood loss. The cause doesn’t matter. 

He collapsed, and it was finally over. 

I stood, walked over to Theo’s Jeep, and climbed in the driver’s seat. With my camera still slung around my neck, I turned the keys. 

The engine growled to life.

I drove home. 

Eight days later, I’ve been cleared as a suspect. The coroner examined the bodies. It’s evident that I didn’t lay a finger on any of them. 

I know better, though. 

I may not have touched them, but I’m not blameless. The last four pictures on my camera proved it. Didn’t mean much to the police when they saw them, but it's meant everything to me. 

One shows the door of that shed swinging open.   

The next shows a black box on the floor, the front engraved with orante gold symbology, surrounded by lit candles. 

The third is closer to the box, and the lid is up, revealing a necklace perched atop red satin. Two small, violet gemstones dangle from a silver chain. They’re fused together. One is a full sphere, one is a half sphere. 

The final picture is identical to the third, but the necklace is gone. 

I’m still wearing that necklace. 

I can feel the gemstones pushing into my chest. 

No matter how I pull, I can’t take it off.

All I can do 

[is watch. ](
Title: I was kidnapped by a man who thought he could keep me forever. I never thought I would be able to do what I did to escape. - Part 1

CW: Contains scenes of kidnapping and abuse.

You don’t get to decide how your life changes. Not really, anyway.

You can’t plan or prepare for it. One minute, everything feels normal, almost boring, and then, in an instant, it’s gone. Just like that, your world, your safety, and the sense of control you thought you had, all vanish into thin air.

My name is Emily. I’m writing this because I don’t want anyone else to fall into the same trap I did. It seems that you can’t show any compassion anymore, or else it ends up biting you. I know I’m supposed to be thankful that I made it out alive, and I am. But sometimes every part of me feels like I’m still back there, stuck in that place. I need to get this off my chest, and more importantly, out of my mind. Who knows, maybe my story will help somebody out there.

Don’t think you’re safe just because it’s a nice day, or because you're walking in a familiar neighborhood. That’s how it always starts. If you’ve watched enough crime documentaries as I have, you know they begin with something small, something so unremarkable that it almost feels weird to call it the beginning. I was too naïve to see it at the time, and that nearly cost me my life.

It was a typical Thursday in eastern Virginia. I had been working my ass off trying to finish my online degree, so I thought I would get out and take a walk across town. I figured the fresh air would do me some good.

That afternoon felt calm and ordinary, just like any other day. I admired the first signs of fall beginning to show along the path. Sunlight warmed the cracked pavement while red and orange leaves drifted down, crunching under my steps. My mind wandered, free from any concern. I started to think about what I wanted to do for dinner. I thought about making something simple, like pasta, or even picking up a pizza. There was no rush. The town was quiet and still, the silence broken only by the occasional hum of a leaf blower in the crisp autumn air.

I wasn’t on alert. I didn’t think I needed to be. Looking back, I still wonder if things would’ve turned out differently if I had been walking by that spot five minutes earlier or later. Perhaps things would have turned out differently, and I wouldn’t be sharing this story with you.

I almost stopped at the corner store for a soda, but kept walking, telling myself I didn’t need the empty calories. As I moved on, the warm scent of cinnamon filled the air, followed by something else. The smell was so tantalizing that it immediately piqued my curiosity. Glancing over the fence that separated the store from the yard behind it, I spotted the source of the wonderful smell. It was Mrs. Landry’s house. There, on the windowsill of her kitchen, sat three perfectly crafted pies, each releasing the mouthwatering scent of apples and spice. I closed my eyes, letting the fragrance wash over me, and for a moment, I thought to myself that this could nearly be the perfect day.

It wasn’t just close to it. It was perfect, until I heard the hum of a car approaching from behind me. I didn’t think much of it at first. I figured it was just another car passing by, likely another stranger in a hurry, probably heading home from work or squeezing in a few errands before dark. Just as I had pushed it to the back of my mind, I heard the engine ease back. The brakes gave a sharp, brief screech as the car slowed to a near-stop beside me.

I should’ve just kept walking, pretending I hadn’t noticed. Instead, I stopped and turned as the car came to a final, sharp halt next to me.

The car didn’t look like much at first, just a beat-up old sedan from the late ’90s or early 2000s. It was the kind you stop noticing after seeing a thousand of them. But the longer I looked, the stranger and more out of place it felt. The fading gray paint was chipped and scabbed over with rust, worn down by years of neglect. A fresh dent marred the front bumper, sharp and out of place, as if it had struck something recently.

The windows were tinted just enough to hide whoever was inside, though the driver’s side was slightly cracked open, as if the air within had grown too thick for them to breathe. The tires were mismatched and worn nearly bald, yet somehow still holding together under the car’s weight. The headlights were dim, emitting a sickly yellow glow that flickered every few seconds, like they were struggling to stay lit. Even the engine sputtered unevenly, with each dying cough sounding like it was fighting for its last breath.

As I studied the strange car, the passenger window suddenly jerked to life, grinding and squealing as it inched its way down. It finally came to a stop, leaving a narrow opening into the dark, stale interior. From the shadowed gap, the upper half of the driver slowly came into view.

Curious as to what they wanted, I hesitantly leaned toward the cracked window, trying to get a look at the person behind the wheel. A dark silhouette of a man emerged, leaning toward me across the passenger’s seat. From the looks of him, I guessed that he was a middle-aged man, maybe forty or fifty, with long, greasy black hair slicked back across his scalp, like he hadn’t washed in months. His face was gaunt and unnervingly pale, as if he hadn’t stepped into sunlight in years. His skin looked almost artificial, like Halloween makeup left on for way too long.

He tilted his head downward, his gaze dropping until our eyes met. Up until that moment, I hadn’t been especially cautious, but the instant I looked into his eyes, fear struck me like a hammer on cold steel. They weren’t dark or light, but more so empty. Strangely vacant, like they shouldn’t belong to a real person.

He stared at me, wide-eyed and unblinking, studying me as intensely as I was him. After a few agonizing seconds, he smiled. This seemingly friendly gesture unnerved me even more. It wasn’t the kind of polite smile you’d give a stranger you just met on the street. It was too wide. Too eager.

His lips curled around his face, stretching so far that it seemed they might tear at the corners, stopping just short of it. It was as if he was trying to mask something behind the bizarre display. Something that he didn’t want me to see.

“You need a ride?” he asked, his voice smooth, almost pleasant.

If it weren’t for how sharp my senses had become, I might’ve considered him to be a nice guy just trying to help me out, but something about him put me on edge. I could physically feel my skin crawling under my jacket. The sound of his voice. The way his mouth moved when he spoke. The car he drove. It all screamed danger in my head, but I foolishly gave him the benefit of the doubt.

I hesitated for a moment. It wasn’t like me talking to strangers, let alone getting into a car with one. Something about that moment held me in place. I was speechless, but my mind wouldn’t slow down. It felt like I was stuck in a bubble with this guy, and though I couldn’t name the feeling, it clawed at me deep from within my gut, telling me something was wrong here.

“No,” I said quickly, shaking my head, hoping that would be enough.

He didn’t move. He just kept staring at me, smile never faltering.

“You sure?” he asked. “I’m not going that far. Just a little drive. I can take you wherever you need to go on the way.”

I could feel my heart thundering in my chest. There was something so fundamentally and disturbingly wrong with this situation that I had begun to plead with myself to leave. Why I chose to continue standing there will forever haunt and confuse me.

One part of my brain clung to caution, urging me to run or get away in whatever way possible. The other part, the curious side, was unfortunately the one winning the battle. My feet remained glued to the sidewalk, and I just stood there, staring back at his lifeless eyes.

I should’ve run or done something, but I just stood there. Instead of doing the obvious thing, I chose to respond to him.

“No, I’m fine. Really.” I said, my voice cracked with nervousness.

His bizarre grin fell for the briefest moment, as if he were disappointed, but quickly returned before I could even blink, stretching even wider as if he were forcing it.

“Come on,” he pressed. “I’m not a bad guy. It’ll just be a short ride. No harm in it. You look like you could use a break anyhow.”

There was a part of me, a part that I hate now, that felt compelled to respond. As stupid as it sounds, it insisted that I remain polite, as if I owed him an answer.

Swallowing my growing fear, I spoke.

“I’m fine,” I said again, trying my best to make my voice as confident and intimidating as I could… though inside, I was anything but.

I took a step backward, my feet moving almost instinctually.

He didn’t flinch from my act. He just sat there with his eyes locked onto mine. It felt like I was caught in a staring contest, the stakes of which were getting higher by the second.

For a moment, a deafening silence settled between us, only broken by the soft click of the passenger door unlocking. It was barely louder than a whisper, but it was enough to send me into pure panic. My heart jumped in my chest, and my body froze solidly in place.

The door creaked open as he pushed it outward, revealing the torn, ragged seat inside.

“Please,” he said softly, his voice unnervingly calm, “I just want to help you.”

It was like he was trying to coax a frightened animal into approaching him, pressing ever-so gently, seeing what he could get away with.

Looking back, I could strangle myself for not just running away, or yelling, or doing something other than standing there. Instead, I decided to do something I had never done before and haven’t done again since. I chose to stand my ground, hoping that seeing me push back would deter him.

I took another step back, trying to slow my spinning mind. My breathing quickened, and my hands began to tremble as I planted myself on the sidewalk. I had seen this type of stuff in TV shows, but I never thought I would ever have to live it.

My resolve crumbled in an instant, replaced by suffocating panic. One moment, I was telling myself to stand my ground, but it was quickly washed away by my overwhelming instinct telling me to run. I quickly turned, tensing my calves for a push-off down the street. I planned to run as fast as I could, yelling as loudly as I could until I reached the corner store, where I knew I would be safe. Before I could make another move, I heard his voice tear through the air, booming in my ears.

“Don’t make me chase you!” he snarled with gritted teeth.

He now stood outside his car, staring at me with the cold focus of a predator daring its prey to run.

I froze, my brain stifling any urge I had to move. Time seemed to slow down dramatically. Seconds felt like hours as his words swirled around my mind. The looming threat of what would happen to me if I tried to run held me firmly in place.

Maybe it was the fear, or the way his words clung to my mind, but I couldn’t move. I forced myself to look into his eyes again, desperately searching for some small glint of weakness, anything to assure me that he wasn’t going to hurt me. What I saw instead made my stomach turn. This wasn’t just a man in a car. He wasn’t just a stranger asking for company. This was something else entirely. There was something in his eyes, something deep that I couldn’t place, but it told me with a chilling certainty I would die if I tried to run.

Before I could even register it, he had lunged around the back of the car and was quickly running toward me. By the time I reacted, he was already stepping onto the sidewalk.

I ran back toward the corner store as fast as I could. I could hear his shoes slapping the pavement as he chased me, gaining on me with each frantic step. I opened my mouth to scream, but before I could get a sound out, his hand shot out in front of me, covering my nose and mouth with a thick, white rag. A sharp, chemical smell filled my nose, stinging my sinuses.

I tried to pull away, but his hands held it tightly to my face.

“Let go of me!” I shouted, my voice muffled to nearly nothing by the rag.

I kicked and thrashed, but his grip was like iron. His fingers dug into my ribs and arms, and his body pressed against me as he yanked me backwards, dragging me down the street and shoving me into the passenger seat.

“You’re going to be fine,” he whispered in my ear, his breath hot against my neck. “I’m going to take you to a safe place.”

The thick, noxious scent flooded my throat, choking me from the inside out. I tried to fight it with everything I had, knowing that if he got me into the car, I was done for. Though I gave everything I had, my muscles betrayed me, losing strength almost immediately as he pushed me onto the seat.

The next few moments were a blur. My vision spun around me like a vortex, faster and faster, until everything began to tilt and dim. The world shrank to fragments, slowly retreating, giving way to blackness. I could feel his ragged, eager breathing on my neck as the sound of the car’s dying engine filled my ears, followed by the echoing thud of the passenger door closing behind him. The dark shape of his face hovered above mine, grinning down on me as my vision faded further.

My eyes rolled back, barely holding focus. I caught a glimpse of something metallic in his hand as my head rolled around the headrest. The world smeared into streaks, blurring into a mixture of light and dark. I tried with everything I had left to push myself away, but the darkness rushed up too fast, pulling me down with it.

As my vision fell to black, I felt cold, sharp metal pushing into my throat.

“Go to sleep now. I don’t need any surprises.” He said, his words warbling in my ears as my body finally gave in to a deep, paralyzing sleep.

[Part 2](
Title: Tales From a Traveling Hobo (PT. 2)

I appreciate the engagement on my last post. I didn’t expect that many people to care, honestly. It got me thinking that maybe I should keep writing these things down while I still can. If you haven’t read the last one, it might help. Or it might not. These stories don’t always like being told in order. Here’s the last post: 

Now, as some of you already know, I’m homeless.

Some people pass me on the street without even glancing my way, like I’m just another crack in the sidewalk. Others make a point of not looking at me at all. I hear mothers tell their kids not to look me in the eyes. Which, to be fair, is solid advice. Some folks out here aren’t fully on this temporal plain, and eye contact can get weird fast.

Still, I’m human. I notice it. It stings more than people think.

Other folks get aggressive. They call me a bum, a vagrant, a tweaker, a thief. Most of the time it’s some version of “get a job.” Like that idea never occurred to me. 
Believe me, I’ve tried.

A lot of people out here try. That’s the part nobody wants to talk about. Most places don’t like hiring someone who can’t bathe regularly or keep clean clothes. You need IDs, social security cards, sometimes an address. Reliable transportation helps too. All things I used to have without thinking twice.

When you first become homeless, you think you’ve got time. You tell yourself you just need a little while to get back on your feet. Then your phone gets stolen. Then your ID disappears. Then the blankets from your tent. Then your tent. Eventually all you’ve got left is whatever fits in your pockets and whatever you can guard while you sleep.

Even fast food jobs are hard to land. Sometimes you get hired and work a few shifts. Then someone complains about the smell. Someone else swears they saw you using needles in the bathroom. Customers recognize you as the guy from the corner. Management gets nervous. Next thing you know, you’re back outside again.

That’s one of the reasons I keep moving. New towns. New faces. New chances. Sometimes that’s enough.

This happened when I was traveling from New York to Florida. I’d been hitchhiking and hopping trains for a couple days when I ended up in a small town in rural West Virginia. If you’ve never been there, it’s beautiful. Green everywhere. Hills that feel older than they should. Also some of the strangest people you’ll ever meet, even without the paranormal stuff.

What caught my attention right away was that there were no homeless people.Every town has at least one. Doesn’t matter how small. So when you see none, it usually means one of two things. Either the town ran them all off, or there’s a serial killer.

Not wanting to get stabbed a third time, I decided to leave.
I was walking toward the edge of town when a car pulled up next to me. A black Mercedes. Clean enough that it looked wrong out there. The window rolled down and a well dressed man smiled at me. No tie. Hair slicked back just enough to look intentional. His skin was pale, like he hadn’t seen the sun in years.He asked if I wanted a job.

I told him politely but firmly that I wasn’t in that line of work. He laughed and said it was just manual labor. Said he’d pay me well and give me a place to stay while the job was getting done. Normally I know better than to get into cars with strangers offering money. But hunger has a way of making bad ideas look reasonable. So I got in.

We drove for a while. Winding roads. Dense forest. The kind of drive where you start rehearsing what you’ll do if he pulls a gun. Eventually we stopped in a clearing.

There was a pit.

A massive hole dug straight down into the earth. Men hauled wheelbarrows full of dirt and rock up scaffolding that looked like it had been built in a hurry. The man handed me a pickaxe and a shovel like he was passing out pamphlets.

“Go meet the manager at the bottom,” he said.

The climb down the scaffolding took forever. Dirt turned to stone. The air got heavier the deeper I went. Men passed me hauling loads without saying much. Everyone smelled like sweat, old clothes, and something metallic underneath. 

By the time I reached the bottom, my legs were shaking.
The man in charge was small and crooked, hunched like something had bent him wrong years ago and never bothered fixing it. His teeth were bad. One eye didn’t quite line up with the other.

“Find yerself a crew,” he said. “They won’t wait.”

That’s when I noticed it.
Every man down there was homeless.

Same layered clothes. Same careful grip on their tools. Same look in their eyes. My body told me to leave right then. Everything in me said this was wrong. But the pay they’d promised rattled around in my head.

So I worked.

Day after day. Swinging the pick. Rock fighting back. Blisters forming. Dust sticking to sweat until I felt like part of the pit myself. At night we sat around a fire and made soup. Men told boring stories that went nowhere. Complaints about old jobs. Jokes that weren’t funny anymore.Some of them didn’t want to leave. I didn’t blame them.

About a week in, my pickaxe hit something solid.The sound that came after didn’t belong in the ground.

It wasn’t loud. It wasn’t violent. It was deep and slow, like a breath being taken somewhere far below us. I felt it in my teeth before I understood what I was hearing.
The ground shifted under my boots. That was enough.I dropped the pickaxe and ran.

I didn’t shout. Didn’t warn anyone. My body moved before my brain caught up, like something older than thought had decided for me.
The stairs felt longer on the way up. Every step burned. My shoulders screamed from days of swinging that pick. My hands shook so bad I missed the railing twice and almost went back down the hard way.Behind me, the sound came again.

A groan.

Not a roar. Not a scream. Just something massive rolling over in its sleep. The scaffolding trembled. Dust rained down. Men stopped working below. I heard confused voices. Someone laughed nervously. Someone else told them to keep digging.I didn’t look back.

By the time I reached the top, I stumbled out onto the dirt and dropped to my knees, gasping. The air felt thin, like I’d come up too fast from underwater.For a second, nothing happened.
The pit was still. Men moved around below like ants. No panic. No screaming.I almost laughed.Then I heard shouting.
I turned.

Down in the pit, a group of men had gathered near a rock wall. One of them knelt, pulling at iron links embedded in the stone. Chains scraped loose with a sound like teeth snapping.The manager pushed through the crowd.He stood straighter than I’d ever seen him. His hands shook as they dragged free a wooden case.
Old. Dark. Swollen. Wrapped in iron that felt more ceremonial than practical.When they opened it, I felt it.Pressure behind my eyes. Tightness in my chest. Like my body remembered something my mind didn’t want to.

Inside was a book.Not ancient in a clean way. Ancient in a wrong way. The cover was warped. The pages were thick and uneven, like they couldn’t agree on how long they’d been waiting.The manager laughed.Not relief. Not excitement.Joy.

He lifted the book and began reading out loud. The words didn’t echo. They sank. The stone around him seemed to lean in and listen.

For a moment, nothing happened.
Then the ground answered.
Cracks spidered across the rock. The pit walls shuddered. A sound like stone snapping filled the air, and water burst through the fractures as if the earth had been holding its breath for a thousand years and finally decided to spit it out.

At first it was only a stream. Then it became a rush. Then it became a rising, hungry thing.Men screamed and scrambled for the stairs. They slipped on wet rock. They climbed over each other. They grabbed at beams and ropes and hands.

And at the top of the pit, the man who hired me was waiting. Laughing. He kicked a man in the ribs and sent him back down. Then another. Like he was making sure the pit got its share.For one horrible second, I considered running and not looking back. I’m not proud of that. But fear does what it wants.

Then I saw a kid. Not a child, but young enough to still have hope in his face. He was clawing up the last few steps, eyes wide, reaching for the surface like it was a promise.The suited man raised his foot.

I didn’t think.

I ran and shoved him as hard as I could.

He wasn’t as heavy as I expected. He flailed when he went over, arms pinwheeling, still laughing like he couldn’t believe hr’d finally joined the fun. He fell into the pit he’d built and vanished into the rising water.I didn’t wait to see if he came back up.

I ran.

Not down the road. Not toward town. Straight into the trees.Branches tore at my face and arms. Roots caught my feet. I tripped and went down hard, then got up again without stopping. My lungs burned. My legs felt like they belonged to someone else.

Behind me, the forest shook.Not like an earthquake. More like something very large standing up after sitting too long.I ran until I couldn’t, and when I finally collapsed into a clearing, I saw it.

A massive shadow lifting out of the tree line. It was indescribable. Wings that didn’t move like wings. Tendrils moving like they were swimming through the sky. A shape that hurt my mind to look at. A giant form of absorbed body parts and chin is of meat. It looked more blurry the longer I stared at it. It rose over the forest and climbed into the sky, taking its place among the stars like it had always been there. Then it was gone.

I didn’t scream. I didn’t pray. I didn’t do anything dramatic.
I got up and walked back into town.

With the money I’d made in that pit, I bought a bus ticket to Florida so I could at least arrive somewhere with a little comfort and a little food in my stomach.
I fell asleep on the bus, rookie mistake.When I woke up, my money was gone.Everything I’d worked for was gone. Stolen, again. But I was in Florida, I had made it to my destination.

The next time you want to call someone a bum, or yell at them to get a job, try to put yourself there. Imagine what it takes just to make it through a week. Try to be compassionate.

I was in Florida for a while. Maybe I’ll tell a story from there next.
But this phone’s about to die, and I’ve learned not to make promises when the world’s full of things that don’t like being noticed.
If I don’t get captured by some ancient deity , I’ll post again.

For now, this has been another tale from a traveling hobo.
Title: The traffic light turned red one hour ago. Should I just... go?

What holds you together?

It's just a question. You don't have to get defensive. I'm asking - what keeps you in place? Prevents you from stepping out of line? Is it your sense of morality, or your fear? I'm asking this because maybe I'll get an answer to my problem, too.

I believe (if you ask me, but of course *no one* asked, I'm just sitting in a car in the middle of the night and talking to myself, I don't even know if this post will reach a lot of people, but it's worth a try)... as I said, I believe that we are all children in a way. We obey some rules that we grew up with, out of annoyance, but we're too lazy to question them. When no one is watching, some of us rebel. Some of us are too lazy or too numb to do that, either. So we wait it out. The impulse, I mean. And, in my case, the red light.

I hear the wind breathe softly outside my car. It could be the wind, or Tay's breathing from the back seat. We'd just gone to our annual Christmas gathering - we have these, uh, high school friends who host every year and I was the designated driver now. I dropped off Mary, and now the passenger seat is empty. Tay lives the furthest away, so I took a detour to get to her home. I should've been on the way back by now, had it not been for this stupid light.

I'm vaguely familiar with the roads outside my town. I don't drive very often. Especially at night. It's not that I'm scared, I'm just lazy and I like to be the one who drinks. I'm vaguely familiar with these woods - passed through them a million times, never paid enough attention. Most of these times they were just a blurry haze as my head spun from the backseat to the window to some friend's ear - usually Josh's.

That stung a bit, the memory. Josh didn't come tonight. I don't know why. I was looking forward to seeing him.

For the past hour, I've been studying my surroundings painfully sober. The woods are to my right, separated by a fence... some military base? Was this the area? I'm not very good at positioning myself in space, I had a vague idea of some base around my hometown, but I swear all woods look the same to me... The fog is everywhere, I can also see some windowless industrial buildings stretching to my left, and then there's the two roads that intersect. Mine, engulfed by the dark horizon. The other one, perpendicular, cutting across the woods and the buildings. When I first arrived, I almost ran the red, but stopped just in time. A truck practically flew past me and I cursed him out for driving so fast at - let me check - 2am then, since it is now 3.

"Phew, where the fuck are you going, buddy?" said Tay from the back.

"A vehicle so big shouldn't go 100mph. Could've fucking killed me." I muttered.

So I waited in the middle of fucking nowhere. The only car on the road. Five minutes passed, then ten. "I don't understand why it's so long. It's the middle of the night. No traffic."

"Just go," said Tay from the back. She was laying down on the backseat to "rest her eyes" and throwing in random slurred remarks. "Just... go. Nobody's gon' pass, not right now..."

Right then, a motorcycle proved us wrong. Then another. Then another.

I sighed. Tapping my fingers on the steering wheel, I let another 10 minutes pass. "This is fucking ridiculous. Twenty minutes went by."

Tay didn't respond. She'd fallen asleep.

"Come onnn... fuck off fuck off fuck off fuck off-" I whispered, resting my head on the steering wheel. The light didn't respond and remained a piercing, unblinking crimson.

Every time I'd shift into 1st gear, a sense of wrongness would take over. I kept gripping the gear shift and looking around. No one else was there. Not one fucking soul.

*Just run it.*

I couldn't.

I really wished Tay hadn't fallen asleep. I feel so alone, and my surroundings aren't very helpful.

In the red glow, the asphalt looks like it's simmering. A pair of shoes tied by their laces from the telephone wires above sends a shiver down my spine. I don't know if it's true, but I heard those mark spots where people sell drugs. Or worse. The industrial buildings look abandoned. I keep shifting in my seat.

The red glow seems to be staining the inside of the car. My own skin looks like it's bruising or rotting. The car looks drenched in blood. I wish Tay would just fucking move. I don't want to wake her up. The world outside looks normal, boring, desolate.

I've spent the past minutes praying for something to happen, and then it did. I can see a silhouette in my rearview mirror. Oh my God, please don't get closer.

I stare at it, my hands gripping the wheel, knuckles white and fingers drenched in sweat. It just stands and watches, thank God. I couldn't bear to have it move towards me. That's it, if ten more minutes pass and the light isn't turning, I'll fucking go.

Go... where?

I stare at the road unfolding before me. The dark asphalt seems to curve like a tongue, leading me deeper into the throat of whatever's waiting for me to move.

I'll turn the car around. *But do you want to turn your back to this thing?*

Fuck it, I'll take a right. How bad can it be?

A bang on my window startles me. I turn my head and stare at a middle aged man, motioning at me to roll down my window. He was the silhouette I'd seen in my rearview mirror. Nothing supernatural. No giants about to swallow me. Just my car in the middle of Fucksville, a wrongly programmed light and a random dude.

I still don't like my options. I'm still a woman in the middle of Fucksville, at 3am, looking at a random dude. I nod my head at him. He frowns a little. I barely crack the window, just to hear him.

"Hey. You okay?"

"Yeah." I respond stoically. He's wearing a jacket and a baseball hat. Unshaved. A tamed look in his eyes.

"You haven't moved in a while. I work at that security post there -" he motions towards the buildings.

"The light is red." I respond childishly.

I see a glimmer of a smile in his eyes. Amusement, I suppose. "It's 3am. Nobody's here."

"A truck passed by really fast. And then some motorcycles."

His eyes keep darting to the interior of my car and my backseat. Fear has grown another heart in my chest, one that pounds chaotically.

"This light is fucked. Whoever programmed it didn't do their job. I'm sure you're sick of waiting. Just go. I won't tell on you. It goes like that every night." He smiles.

I know he's right. It's perfectly rational, what he's saying. I'll just go. I grab the gear shift. Suddenly, a whisper comes from *within* me. A pleading, desperate *don't*. Since when did I become so... obedient?

It's the same impulse that just won't let you jump off a building.

I smile faintly. "It's fine, I'll just wait."

"The whole night?"

"Yeah."

I feel embarrassed. I'm not afraid of this random guy anymore. He's just some night shift worker who tried to tell me to just go, like any sane person would. He just shrugs. Blood rushes into my cheeks. I'm so ridiculous.

Then, he tries my car door.

It all happens so fast, I can barely register it. His hand, pulling onto the handle. A small rattle. His eyes devoid of any smile. His surprise, and glint of embarrassment. His walk away, to the shadows. To the woods.

My throat tightens. I feel deceived, I feel awful, I feel ashamed, and the fear and shock won't let me breathe. I just sit there frozen in time. The light doesn't matter anymore. This guy just tried my car door. He might return: I just told him I won't be going anywhere until dawn.

That's it, I'm turning the car around. I reverse a little, then I make a large U-turn. I'm facing the other way now. Suddenly, the crimson interior of my car changes to a sickly green.

*You've got to be kidding me.*

I look in my rearview mirror. Yeah, the light just turned green.

I struggle a little, but I manage to make yet *another* U-turn. I'm about to floor it, fueled by anger and fear, when a car flies past me in a dizzying speed.

"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING? YOUR LIGHT IS RED, YOU DUMB BITCH!" I explode, honking. I respect traffic rules, why didn't they? They could've fucking killed me. I would have died because of their mistake.

Oddly, Tay wasn't awoken by my screams and honking. I turn to look at her. She'd slept like a log this whole time.

"Tay."

No answer. Something is wrong. She's a very light sleeper.

I reach behind me and pull on her leg. "*Tay!*"

I unbuckle my seatbelt and crawl into the backseat. She's not even sleeping. Her eyes are wide, fixated on me. Actually, behind me.

She motions at me to shut up. Her whispers are barely perceptible. "You woke me up with your honking. There's someone in the woods. I think you fucking drew their attention. Don't turn around."

"The car is locked. There's nothing they can do."

"I don't think that's true."

"What to we do?"

"Are you insane? *Drive."*

*"I can't!*" I cry out. "The light is red again!"

She shoots me an exasperated look, as if she's saying "Are you nuts? You wanna obey traffic rules now?", and then nods towards the front seat. I shake my head. "I'm gonna turn the car around. I know you might not understand, but I'm terribly afraid to run the red light."

"Do whatever you want, just go."

I crawl into the driver's seat and, as I prepare to make the turn, I notice something in my rearview mirror.

A glimmer on the asphalt.

"What the fuck?"

"What? What is it?"

Tay turns to look.

Someone laid down spike strips behind us.
Title: Sometimes your sins do catch up to you.

Hell isn't what I thought it would be. I spent most of my life preaching the teachings of Jesus to a congregation who'd placed their full trust in me to guide their actions and provide spiritual leadership. As I came to learn on the night of my death, no amount of repentance could save my soul. After all, if I played by the rules: acknowledge that I am a poor sinner, confess those sins to Almighty God, accept Jesus Christ into my heart, I would be home free. 

I was wrong.

I don't know how it began, but the end came the night I drove myself home from the bar.

I pulled into my garage with a sense of satisfaction. The bartender told me I'd had too much; that he'd call me a cab. But I knew better, and I knew myself. I was fine to drive home. I put the car in park. My keys slipped from my fingers as I stepped out. I bent over to pick them up, thankful that the garage light above me illuminated everything. I thought, *I could use a drink,* so I made my way into the house. *Not bad, Joel,* I thought. *A picture perfect drive home, save maybe a little road kill.* 

I stepped inside and made a beeline for the cupboard. My own personal rail vodka waiting for me. Thankfully, even in the dark, I strode with confidence through the house. I always kept it clean in case I hosted guests. It’s important to keep things tidy.

The only light on was the one above the stove. The digital clock read 2:47 AM. I chuckled to myself because I’d been out later than usual. I hummed a tune from the bar jukebox and tripped over a kitchen chair. I saluted the chair and happily continued humming along.

I opened the cupboard and grabbed the bottle of vodka and a glass. Twisting off the cap to pour, I heard a floorboard creaking in the next room. I lived alone, so this was unusual. My senses suddenly heightened, and my jovial demeanor quickly turned to paranoia. I placed the bottle down and turned my ear toward the adjacent living room. There was only silence. I told myself, *It's an old house. Old bones shift all the time.* I returned to fixing my drink. I went to grab a soda from the fridge, when I heard it again. I turned back towards the room when something, obscured in the shadows, caught my eye. A head. A shoulder. An arm. I was so startled I dropped my soda, but by the time I picked up the bottle, the shadow was already gone.

I hit the side of my head, like an old TV that couldn't find a clear channel. What was paranoia turned into fear. What was fear had turned into frustration.

*What is wrong with me?* I thought. *Don't answer that.*

I savored my vodka Sprite to great satisfaction. I looked at the time. 2:54 AM. I belched and shuddered at the thought of the sun coming up in a few hours. What I had just heard…and seen, had to have been my imagination. Although, my dad always told me I had a lack of imagination. *That bastard*. I sighed. Even though he's been dead for years, he still had a way of sneaking into my head. I slunk down the hall towards the bedroom, kicking my shoes off along the way. I slipped into my room and fell onto the bed, a little disoriented, and a little sad. I laid still and shut my eyes. The moment before I faded away, I found the barrel of my handgun resting on my nightstand. Contented and reassured, I drifted off to sleep.

"Joel," whispered a voice. It was distant, certainly not in the room. My eyes burst wide open. Did I really hear that? I remembered the creaking floorboards; the shadow I thought I'd seen. Now I was hearing things?

I looked at the clock. 3:10. *Fuck, had I even fallen asleep yet?* I wanted to fall back asleep, but my bladder had other plans. I heaved my body off the bed and crept across the hall into the bathroom. By now, I couldn't really ignore the things I was hearing. As I pissed, I thought I heard the creaking sound again from down the hall. I listened as carefully as I could, but there was only silence. 

However, as soon as I stepped into the hall, I heard it again. This time, the creaking was accompanied by a shifting thud. The rhythmic footsteps were coming towards me. This time it was unmistakeable. *Thump, shift, thump, pause, thump.*  I stared down the hall, but saw nothing, though the thumping drew closer. and I dove back into my room, to the safety of my bed. I listened to the movements and tried, in vain, to find a rational explanation. I covered my mouth with my hand and noticed how much I was trembling. My fingers wrapped around my face, slick from beads of sweat.

Was I going insane? Either there was someone in the house, or I was hallucinating. I laughed to myself. Hauntings are an abomination against God. As far as I was concerned, even if there was a ghost in this house, there's nothing it could do to me. I forced a chuckle, and rolled over to reset my mind. 

Staring back at me was the grinning face of a woman. The flesh was ripped from her face, dangling off her cheekbone like torn curtains. Her skin was speckled with black, pepper-like gravel. Her eyes were bugged out; maniacal. Staring at everything, and seeing nothing. Her teeth were gritting and grinding. They made a sandy, crackling sound, then, *POP!* Her jaw fell slack and wide. From her gaping mouth came a labored, raspy moan, accompanied by the rancid sweet odor of death.

I shrieked and shot out of bed and stumbled down the hall. I rushed and crept lower and lower to the floor.. *What in the hell was that?* I barreled down the hall, back to the kitchen, past the dark living room, and into the garage once again. The motion sensor lit up the garage and exposed the front of the car. 

It was smashed. 

*What the fuck happened to my car?* I staggered towards the vehicle. There was a dark substance streaked across the hood. I ran my fingers through the brownish, red liquid. 

It was blood. The face of that woman flashed in my mind.

The lights above my head started to flicker and swing to and fro. Every can, tool, and item fell to the floor all helter skelter. The refrigerator rattled and shook with fury, and I knew that I was no longer safe in my own home. Nothing that happened made any logical sense, so I cried out to God. 

“LORD, my sins are not deserving of this! Have you really forsaken me?” I shouted to the ceiling. I shut my eyes and continued to pray. I asked for a reprieve from the demonic activity all around me. I, a 40-year old pastor, begged for mercy, even hoping for death. My begging for forgiveness morphed into a demand. “I am in service to the Lord, my God, and this is how I am repaid? You are supposed to be my refuge, my fortress!”

I raised my eyes to the rattling chaos around me. My knuckles turned white, clasped in each other. By then the room looked like a tornado was blowing through. I tried to focus on faith. I'm afraid, however, that prayer alone wasn't enough to quell my fears in this moment of tribulation. Perhaps I was all out of faith. I wanted to shut my eyes as this unseen force threw debris around the garage like a veritable storm. From the passenger side of the car, I looked to the crunched, bloodstained hood. The realization flooded my eyes that this was my ultimate sin.

Then, like an abominable sunrise, I saw her head appear over the hood. Glistening from the cranial fracture, her hair was gnarled and greasy. Her eyes peered through me mindlessly, her moans grew into a deafening howl. The woman rose from behind the hood of the car, levitating. I witnessed further carnage to her body. Her mangled limbs hung slack. Her entrails dragged on the floor despite her twisted feet floating inches off the ground. One outstretched arm reached for me.

"God, please," I pleaded. "I don't want to live with this." I shut my eyes tight, and my world turned black.

The next thing I sensed was sunlight. The terror had subsided, and left behind in the dream world.

I was back in my bed. How I got there, I don't quite know. The sunshine filling my room made it hard to open my eyes. I practically had to pry them open. I sat up, head pounding. 

*Shit, Joel, you really did it this time,* I thought. 

I made my way to the bathroom, almost blind, my eyes only slightly open. I gulped down as much water as I could. I swallowed some Tylenol and sat on the edge of the bathtub with my head in my hands.

"Joel," I heard someone say. 

I opened my eyes. The weirdness of the previous night crept back in, and my heart sank. I had thought I was home free.

“Joel, come in here.” The voice was more stern, and striking than before. 

I rose to my feet, nearly ready to obey the voice. And what was this? I distinctly heard activity coming from my kitchen. Sizzling frying pans? Clanking utensils? I stepped into the hallway, in disbelief that someone was actually in my kitchen. Was this the same person I saw last night? It couldn't be. She was basically dead—a zombie—but she wasn't even real, was she? This voice, on the other hand, was distinctly male.

"Come on in, Joel. Sit." The voice beckoned me into my own kitchen. I peered back into my room, and noticed my gun was not on the nightstand like it was the night before, when I felt it with my hand. I looked back down the hall and decided to see for myself.

The stranger was tall and thick, and wore a black chef's coat with red buttons down the front, black pants, and black boots.

"Gah, dammit," he said, then laughed. "I tried to do the thing Anthony Bourdain taught me, but I just can't get it right. Do you mind if your eggs aren't runny?" 

I stared at the strange, hulking man, unsure of what to make of him. His face was disarming, even merry. His hair was dark, so even though he was clean shaven, his stubble was visible.

He scanned me up and down and said, "Don't worry about appearances, Joel. They are the least embarrassing thing about you. Sit." His tone was now more authoritative.I sat at the table and observed him plating the food. He carried two plates to the table and placed one in front of me, and one on the opposite side of the table. "Ah," he said, with a snap of a finger. "No breakfast is complete without coffee." He turned back to the kitchen, and I looked at the plate in front of me: Eggs Benedict, sure enough. Beautifully prepared and garnished with chives and parsley. It smelled divine.

I observed him slowly plunging the filter into a French Press coffee maker. He poured it equally into two cups, then set them on the table before sitting down with a contented sigh. "Cream? Sugar?" He smiled. I shook my head and reached for the coffee mug. I watched as he sipped the coffee and closed his eyes. "Ecstasy," he said. "Well?" He gestured with his hand open. There were markings on his palm I couldn't decipher, but I saw geometric shapes and lines intersecting with each other. 

I took one sip of the coffee. It was the most heavenly, delicious coffee I'd ever experienced. A not-too-heavy mouth feel, and a distinct olfactory slap of graham cracker and black cherry. It was the best I'd felt since I started drinking the night before. I felt my appetite come roaring back and could barely contain my excitement to eat the eggs.

The stranger cut into his benedict. Each new bite yielded a fresh look of pleasure. His moans sounded orgasmic. I took my first taste. I'd never had a benedict so perfectly creamy. Buttery, savory, and with a lemony lift that tingled the jaw with each bite.

"Good Christ," I moaned.

"Yes," he responded, wiping the corner of his mouth with a napkin. He'd already finished his plate. He chuckled, "Don't mind me, I have an insatiable appetite. You could say I am *all* appetite. Please, enjoy it, Joel."

At this point, I must tell you that I didn't know if this was real, or if it was a dream, and to be honest, I didn't really care. The only thing in my world was the sheer decadence of the meal before me. The last bite was as satisfying as the first, and the coffee was a period at the end of a line of poetry. He observed me the whole meal.

"What'd you think?" the stranger asked.

"I don't think I've ever experienced anything quite like that," I said, smiling.

"Honesty, Joel. It's not that hard, is it?"

I looked at him inquisitively. His tone struck a discordant balance between carefree levity and grave seriousness. "So, who are you?" I asked.

"Joel, I'm simply a being who appreciates the finer things: A good lay, a good nap, and a good meal. And you ask me who I am after I've already fed you. It really shows where you place your values. Take something from me, then demand an explanation?"

My ego was threatened. I doubled down, "No, you're in *my* house, and I deserve to know who you are."

"And the only reason you haven't done anything about it, is because you're smaller than I am, right? Poor Joel."

Then I was angry. "You don't scare me. If I wanted to I could—"

"You could what, Joel? Shoot me?" he held up my holster, smiling, taunting me. "Oh, don't be so upset." He tossed the gun toward the middle of the table. "Go on, then.”

I looked at my pistol like it was a snake waiting to strike.

"Stand your ground, Joel," he said. "I barged into your house brandishing eggs. Take your pistol and stroke it like you stroke yourself."

I was seething, but something wouldn't let me reach for the gun.

The stranger leaned back. "Listen, Joel," his tone shifted back to amiable. "Once upon a time it was my job to help individuals exercise their free will. I was sort of a life coach, you know? I hated that shit."

I looked at the stranger in front of me dressed in black chef's clothing. "So, you became a chef?"

He laughed from his belly and wiped a tear from the corner of his eye. "That's a good one! Actually, I got into cooking pretty recently. I never really had the time, but I find that it's a nice way to bring people to the table for…" He paused, searching for the word. "Shall we say discussions like these."

"Discussions.”

"Yeah, well, they are hard talks. Contrary to what you've heard, I'm not that bad, okay?"

"What I've heard?" I asked, "We've never met before, how could I know who you are?"

The stranger chuckled, "You've had my name in your mouth an awful lot over the years." He stared at me, wondering if I was getting the clues.

I wasn't.

"Would you like me to start from the most recent and we can work our way backwards? Or should we start from the beginning?"

"Just tell me your name and then we can talk about whatever you want," I said.

With playful frustration, the stranger said, "Oh come on, Joel. You might be a killer, a rapist, and a bigot, but you're not stupid."

The blood drained from my face, but I mustered the courage to say, "What did you just call me?"

The stranger gestured over my shoulder at the door to the garage. The door swung open by itself, showing the crunched up car hood. I whipped my head back around to see the stranger shaking his head in disapproval. 

"Cheryl Melnik," he said. He put reading glasses on his nose and pulled a phone from his pocket. "Second shifter at the Mobil station on Main, mother of Shawn, aged 6. Shawn is a child of an absent father, and says he wants to be a Forest Ranger when he grows up. Cheryl worked sixty to seventy hours a week to ensure Shawn would never have to worry about the things she worried about. Once he graduated high school, she dreamed of getting an engineering degree. You've met Cheryl, right? At least twice last night, if I'm not mistaken."

I gulped. I was breathless and cold. I trembled as if I’d just met my personal executioner.

"Are you God?" I asked.

"Why? Because I showed up after your prayers? I kind of liked the Poltergeist bit with all the wind messing up your garage. Fun touch." He looked at me the way a cat looks at a mouse. Cats rarely kill their prey mercifully. 

"I prayed. I sinned, and I repented."

"You begged God to take away your guilt in a drunken stupor, is what you did. It went through the channels, and I decided to come and talk to you."

"So are you an angel, or…?"

"Joel, just last weekend you preached in your church, didn't you?"

I nodded.

"And what was your sermon about?"

"Turn or burn," I said.

"Clever. Did you get that from some clowns protesting the Gathering of the Juggalos?"

"I always want to guide my congregation, spiritually, to turn towards God, and to turn away from Satan and his decadent charm."

"Nice of you to say, Joel. Have you got me figured out yet?" His look was reminiscent of a magician after the trick.

I breathed heavily, refusing to believe I was in the presence of a fallen angel.

"Deceiver," I said.

The stranger rolled his eyes. "I don't like that nickname. Christian propaganda. "

"Why should I believe you are The Devil? Even if you were, I *am* a Christian, and I have sworn to turn away from you. I rebuke you in the na—-" My voice choked up.

"Save your self-righteous platitudes," the stranger said, "God didn't answer your prayer. *I* did."

I tried speaking again, "God made me in His image, and though I am a poor sinner, I am a being of His."

"God made a lot of things, but They most certainly had nothing to do with you. I can guarantee that. You, Joel, are the outcome of cum. You were a lazy person's answer to the meaning of life. And God? They wouldn't have wasted a breath on you."

"They?" I asked.

"The problem with you 'pious' types is your myopic view of the incomprehensible to explain your small world.” He raised an eyebrow and turned his nose down at me. “Do you think I would confine myself to the guardrails of something as stupid as a gender binary?” He leaned back and crossed his arms; his derision clear in his face. “I am infinitely more divine than you could ever hope to be, and you perceive me as nothing more than pure evil in a masculine skin. It's boring," he punctuated with a shrug.

"I am not afraid of you," I said.

The stranger sighed, as though he expected such a response. “Whether you fear me or not really doesn’t matter, Joel.” He reached once again for the smart phone.

"Would you like to tell me anything about Brianna Baker? Or do we need a refresher?"

I remembered Brianna. I bowed my head and began to pray again, "Heavenly father, you are my refuge, my fortress, my—"

"Joel? Where are we?" The voice belonged to a young woman. 

The stranger turned his head to the doorway leading from the kitchen, then back at me expectantly. 

I looked, and I saw a statuesque young woman in the door frame. She was beautiful, dressed in a sweater and a skirt. 

I remembered her.

"Can you take me home, please?" She said the words, but her expression was blank; distant. "No, I don't want to," she whimpered, standing completely still, unaware of Joel sitting at the table.

"Brianna Baker," the stranger began. "Twenty years old when you met her.” He paused, and his eyes got wide. "At *Bible study*, Joel? Really?"

"Brianna really liked me," I asserted.

"Wait, tell me if you recognize this." The stranger cleared his throat. "Wanna get into the sacramental wine, Brianna?" He was using my voice, my words. His face emasculated me. "It's okay, Brianna, it's communion…Here, have another…It's not a sin if it's in covenant…It's hot in here, let's take off your—"

"Stop!" I shut my eyes tight, but the image of Brianna was burned in my head.

"Cute girl, Joel. Smart as hell, too." He strained to read the phone. "Says here she got a free ride to Auburn on a swimming scholarship and was only able to graduate after extensive inpatient psychiatric treatment. She survived you, Pastor Joel, but at what cost?"

I hugged myself to cover my shame. I *am* repulsive. I looked at the gun in the middle of the table. Bumps and ripples danced across my flesh. I shuddered.

"You don't look so good, Joel," said The Devil.

Defeated, I hung my head and cried, "I have sinned."

The Devil waited.

"I just…I'm sorry."

The Devil shook his head.

"Joel, what are you saying sorry for?" He was quizzing me.

"For my sins, for being me," I said.

The Devil lifted the phone again, "Israel Corado killed himself." I gave him the wrong answer.

I was confused now. Rubbing my arms, I questioned The Devil, hoping there was some mistake. I hadn't heard that name before. "Nice try, but that name means nothing to me."

"No, but maybe Isabel does? What about Vickie and Julio Corado?"

I paused, recalling those names. "Vickie and Julio have a daughter named Isabel. They came to me when Isabel claimed she was a boy."

"Pray, tell, Joel, how does a hip, young pastor like you guide these good people spiritually?"

"I prayed with them. I quoted the scripture. Genesis 1:27-28 says that you are made in the image of God as a man or as a woman for the *purpose* of procreation. For *Godly* marriage. Isabel was defiant. Isabel was rebellious. I instructed Julio to insist that Isabel pray for her to return to faith."

"Well, those people really trusted you, didn't they?"

"That's my job as a pastor," I said.

"Quote, 'If you normalize how she feels, you are spitting in the face of God,' end quote," said The Devil. "*Israel*, Joel."

"Israel," I said.

The Devil said, "The name Israel means 'God perseveres.' It means Israel chose that name as a sign of strength and faith, despite being ostracized from his church; despite all the poison you fed Vickie and Julio. And now he's gone."

I knew about the suicide. Vickie and Julio stopped coming to church, and I never called them or checked on them to see how they were doing.

The Devil said, "Israel is not in Hell, Joel."

"Stop taunting me. Leave me alone y-you… you thief, you liar! You will never have my soul. I rebuke you. Go away."

The Devil dismissed me, "Joel, one thing the Catholics got right about Hell, is that it is the absence of God's love." The Devil slipped the black device into a pocket. "I'm not surrounded by little demon gremlins burning sinners for all eternity. Eternal damnation is a pretty new concept."

I stared into the middle distance, too exhausted to fight The Devil. Still, I clasped my hands for prayer. I bowed my head compulsively.

The Devil leaned forward. He looked like either a school guidance counselor or a cop. It was hard to tell which. He spoke in a low tone, almost sympathetic, "Joel, listen. I've been around a long time. I arrived very shortly after The Creator breathed life into the cosmos. Most of the stuff you understand about Heaven and Hell is little more than fan-fic. Human-made. Remember what I said about your 'myopic view' of the world? The reality is indescribable."

The heaviness of my actions weighed on me. I slunk in my chair, weak; exhausted.

"I've been around for a long, long year. I haven't worked in any official capacity in centuries, Joel."

"Worked?" I sighed.

"Yeah, the Bible gets most of it wrong, heh."

"What is all this, then? What are we doing here?"

The Devil inhaled, like he was bracing me for some hard news. It was the first time he seemed moved by anything.

"The Creator never intended for any of this to be worshiped. Some gratitude from time to time is nice, but really They meant humans to be custodians of the land. And y'all apparently couldn't handle that, what with all the genocide, war, and industrial waste. The Black Death took a pretty big toll on Them, and They faded away shortly after."

With tears in my eyes, I asked, "G-God is dead?"

"Death is a human idea, yeah. Ghosts are real. You saw one last night.” He pointed at me. “You are haunted. You live in the *absence* of God's love, because They are not there."

"So why did you come?” I said, before ingratiating him, “If–If I could ask."

"I appreciate that, Joel.” The Devil filled his lungs and said, “The things that men do to each other really disgust me. The prayers I heard during the Holocaust were overwhelming. Rather than comfort those who asked God for help, I paid visits to the ones who carried out atrocities and still kept The Creator on their tongue and equated *me* with those they sought to extinguish: Devilish, demonic vermin, they called us. I had a chat with Himmler and Hitler before they, you know," He gestured with his finger like a gun to his temple. "I simply came to offer some perspective as the walls closed in on them. So, yeah. I'm devilish, demonic vermin. It's because of people like *you* who use scripture as immutable justification for your hatred. Your piety gives you inherent license to kill and rape as long as you say, 'Oops, sorry!' You remind me of Ted Haggard, Joel. Remember that preacher who railed against same-sex marriage, but was actually railing the dude who sold him crystal meth? What characters you are!"

Once more, my ears perked up to the sound of creaking floorboards in the next room. I whipped my head towards the darkened room, fearful of what might be staring back at me. I sniffed the air and noticed the familiar pungence of cigarettes and aftershave. I heard the heavy steps of work boots coming closer. Only his jeans and tucked in plaid shirt were visible from the threshold.

"Dad?" I called out, but there was no reply. I turned to The Devil, outraged. "Now I know why you're showing me this."

The Devil shrugged. "I'm not *showing* you anything," he said. “These are *your* ghosts."

I looked back at the obscured older man lingering in the shadows. I rose from my chair and walked towards him. I came within mere feet and fell to the ground and wept.

The Devil observed me from the kitchen table. He removed his reading glasses, and said, "He never really loved you, Joel. I think you know that."

I bawled on the floor, debased to a childlike state. I found myself in the fetal position, ugly crying at the foot of this specter. This larger-than-life figure of a man who I knew was my father. I knew he didn't love me. I *wanted* him to love me. I was nothing more than a burden to him, and he let me know, full stop, that he was disinterested in me developing as a person. That's why he hit me and mom. That's why, even when I got a B+ on a test, he chided me for failing to get an A. That's why he reminded me, weekly, that the day I turned eighteen was the day I moved out. That's why he blamed me for Mom's death. That I was the reason for her heart failure. That I was the reason he drank.

The Devil spoke, "Generally, I don't speak ill of children, but seeing the man you became, maybe your father was on to something, Joel." He chuckled, but there was no humor in it.

I felt my skin pulsing and bubbling. I itched and shivered. I crept across the floor, frenetic. I peeled the clothes off my body as the itching crossed over into pain. I found no comforts, no refuge, no fortress. Only loneliness and dread. I crawled my way through the kitchen, attempting to get to my room. I wanted to pray. I wanted anything but this.

There was blood on the floor, dripping from above. I turned my eyes up and saw Cheryl floating over me again. Her slack-jaw and bugged eyes didn't fill me with fright like it had earlier. Instead, it filled me with sadness. Her floating body turned with me. Staring at me and seeing nothing. I was nothing.

Cheryl's guts dragged, and dad's boots thumped. I looked down the darkened hallway and saw the outline of something. Something new. Something squat and low to the ground. Through the teary windows of my eyes, I tried to make out what fresh Hell was waiting for me at the end of the hall. My ghosts in tow, my torment ahead. The sound of Cheryl's death rattle provided an ambience to the pounding of my heart and the timbre of dad's boots. I could see it now: Brianna's clothes–in a pile on the floor. The innocence that I stole, stacked in a heap to remind me of the pain that I caused. *Me, Pastor Joel.*

My body writhed and bubbled. I wailed. It started in my extremities and made its way to my groin. My testicles expanded and contracted like they were breathing. My penis was swollen, expanding, red and leaking discharge. I wept as I pulled myself across the floor and into the bathroom. I managed to switch the light on, hoping it would scare away the spirits on my tail.

One look at my reflection, and I was no longer Pastor Joel. I was contorting into a mound of flesh. I was bubbling like pizza dough, rounded and pulsating in an oven. The pressure around my midsection was too much to bear. I needed relief. I pulled and tugged. I masturbated. I screamed from the pain, like I was slowly morphing into a festering, infected wound from the inside out.

"God," I whimpered. I pulled the hair shears from the drawer and grazed the blade across my flesh. I could no longer see or feel myself. Only the pressure within, like I was about to burst at the seams. I laid the blade across the base of my member and swiftly fingered the shears shut. The sound of the metal scraping against itself sounded like pulling a sword from the stone. I saw my meat fall to the floor with a wet flop, followed by hot liquid cascading down my leg. Shades of red blood and yellow pus gushed from my pubis. I looked down and shrieked and then laughed.

I cried, "What is happening to me?"

The Devil's disembodied voice echoed in my head now. "You are Pastor Joel, and you always will be."

I turned around and slipped in the fluids exploding from my body. My ghosts stayed close by, watchful, and I wished to return to my table to negotiate with The Devil. "Please," I begged. But my pleas were met with silence.

My pores began to leak from my face and my arms. I crawled back towards the kitchen. The Devil had left me alone with my ghosts. A poor sinner, haunted, with no one to pray to anymore.

I pulled up a chair at the kitchen table, wearing an alien body, dickless and dripping with my sins.

My world was dark. My ghosts lingered just beyond the kitchen where I'd had a meal of unearthly delights with the Prince of Darkness. Now, the light on my walls wasn't sunlight—they were dancing red and blue. Sirens.

The police had arrived.

I turned my head back to the kitchen table where my pistol waited patiently for me to accept accountability for the first time in my life. And, for the first time in my life, I understood God’s absence. It is finished. 

 
\*\*This was my first ever short story. I hope you enjoyed it\*\*
Title: Secret Santa

My mother never let us believe in Santa. 

As long as I have known her, she has been the strict religious type. Not in the shove it down your throat kind of way, just a big fan of rules. The only thing she wanted me to believe was the ‘*truth’.*

Even pastors deserved scrutiny. I remember on one occasion after a sermon she confronted our pastor on his anti-evolutionist stance. Between tea sips and stuffing her face with short bread, she criticised him in front of the eavesdropping congregation. She started quoting some Platinga guy and listed off a bunch of science stuff I didn't understand at that age. 

It wasn't long before his mouth was stuffed with biscuits too. Any excuse to avoid speaking to my mother. 

Since she didn’t want us worshipping ‘false idols, so Santa was a no go in our house. Last I checked, I was never praying to Santa. Though I suppose I can’t fault her for sticking to her principles. 

Dad was always bummed out about it. Every year my grandparents would ask me what I asked Santa for, then he’d remind them with a solemn look Santa wouldn't be visiting. However, avoiding talking to my mother was a sentiment he shared with the pastor. So, no Santa it was.

But little me knew he was real. 

Each year he’d leave me gifts at the foot of my door. I often wondered if Santa was blind, or if his elves were overworked, due to the crude wrapping. Some years they weren’t even in bags or paper, they’d just be tied with a cheap bow. Nothing else. 

They always had a funny smell as well. Not bad, just funny. It reminded me of when my dad didn’t shower for a week one summer due to a water shortage. Like in that state of almost putrid, but not quite yet. 

The first present I got was when I was 4. 

I had begged my parents all year for a Claudine Monster High doll. In am attempt to avoid a crying toddler on Christmas day, they made it crystal clear that they just couldn’t afford one. We got our dog Misty the year before, and that damn Terrier could eat for five families. That appetite of hers was eating into our funds as much as her dog bowl. My parents did promise they’d try to find the next best thing though. 

I loved Misty too much to hold it against her. All her antics were far more entertaining than a doll. 

The bizarre little rescue used to work for the police. Not the typical breed they'd use, but she had a great sniffer. In typical Misty fashion however her stomach led her more than her nose, and she ate more evidence than she provided. So, her handler sadly had to give her up. 

Ever the greedy mutt, she somehow figured out how to open doors. Anytime I found her inside the cupboards she’d just be sniffing around, but all the missing food around the house was evidence of her crimes.

Before she was a year old, we started discovering large parts of our groceries had vanished without a trace. Once we realised who the culprit was, we started panicking since the plastic wrapping was gone too. The vet found no plastic contents in her stomach, so Misty must've buried the packaging elsewhere. 

We started locking the cabinets. 

I didn’t kick up a fuss about my Christmas dreams being spoiled, but it was a let down. 

All the kids in my neighbourhood would delight in telling me the lists they’d give Santa. I’d always make sure to remind them Santa wasn’t real. To my annoyance, they had the power of the majority to decide I was wrong. 

Every year they got whatever was on their Santa lists. I remember thinking it’d be great if this Santa guy could replace my parents -  just for Christmas of course. Then I'd get all the toys I wanted.

To my surprise, on Christmas morning a cardboard box laid at my feet. If I had been moving faster I would’ve kicked it down the hallway. Fortunately, I spotted it due to it’s bold red writing that read;

‘From Santa.’

I was confused. Santa wasn’t real! Was dad playing a practical joke on me? 

I had woken up before my parents, so I took the opportunity to uncover the mystery alone in my room. I shook the box to guess what was inside. Just a little though, I feared it’d be fragile. 

I didn’t know why, but I was nervous. I really wanted to know if this Santa guy was worth the hype. Or if maybe this was some strange test from mother to see if I’d been listening to her.

The big red guy certainly didn’t seem to deserve the praise from the sight of the box. Other than the writing, there was just a pathetic bow tied with string.

 I didn’t need scissors to open it up either. It was so poorly taped the sides weren’t even stuck together, instead the sticky plastic shot up to the ceiling. The box itself was torn up, as if someone had opened it just to seal it again.

I was still careful ripping it open, my parents room was right next door and I didn’t want them to hear.

What I found inside was nothing short of a miracle. It was the exact doll I had begged my parents for. 

She was a bit rough around the edges. Her hair was in knots, one in particular was molded together with some sticky substance I couldn’t identify. Her clothes were clearly from another doll, they barely fit and didn’t match her colour palette. The paint adorning her lip was scratched off and her joints were stiff.

But it was her! I was ecstatic. I could fix all her quirks, no bother. A repaint, some conditioner, then boom. Perfect.

Though my joy was followed promptly by confusion. Mum had always said Santa wasn’t real. Maybe it was from my parents? Why wasn’t it downstairs with the rest of my presents then? It couldn’t have been Misty that’s for sure. 

I decided to keep the discovery a secret until I figured out for myself what was going on. Afterall, if this Santa guy was real I just hit a goldmine! I didn’t want mum chasing him off.

When my parents woke up they made no mention of any night time visitors. We just went to the living room as per routine and one by one unwrapped our presents. 

My parents didn’t get me a Monster High doll. They did get me a Barbie however with accessories and a doggy companion that looked just like little Misty. I got so distracted playing with the new doll I forgot about the surprise one upstairs. 

If a toy was new and shiny enough that’s what I’d usually tend to do. I was a bit of an airhead as a kid.

When I went back up to my room, I saw my peculiar gift poking out from under my bed, an immediate reminder. 

Oh, right. 

So, it wasn’t my parents! This Santa guy must be real after all. He’s way better than this Jesus guy anyway, he actually gives me stuff!

I didn’t want to eat my words when I saw the other kids, but it was undeniable now. I couldn’t help but wonder if he was as jolly as they said. Was his beard really as white as snow? 

Wait, or was that Rudolph? No, his gimmick was the nose. Dammit, getting distracted again.

Whatever the answer, I couldn’t ask my parents. The no Santa tradition continued in full force, if I mentioned I knew the truth I’d have to listen to mum repeat otherwise. She may even take Claudine away!

This was undeniable proof though. She always did harp on about evidence and stuff. On the other hand, she’s also stubborn. No, I was not risking my Caludine’s life on a risky bet. Under my bed out of my parents sigh she shall remain.

I continued to receive packages from Santa.

With every year the gifts got a bit stranger. They also got further and further away from what I had asked for. 

One year I asked for a lego set. Instead, I got jenga blocks that had been carved into a crude imitation. Another year I asked for a lava lamp. This time, I got a regular lamp with no light bulb. 

This pattern of odd gifts continued. I asked for new shoes, I got slippers. I asked for a zoo play set, I got an old mouse catnip toy. Hot wheels cars? Nope, an old wooden train set. 

I wanted Jesus back, this Santa guy was incompetent. Not only were all these toys not what I asked for, but they were useless! 

By this age, all my classmates were starting to deny Santa’s existence. I must’ve had my mothers strong spirit as I kept believing long past the other kids. But by the time I was getting a stick of gum instead of sweets, which were in a shoe instead of a stocking, I began to have doubts. 

Maybe they all just stopped believing because Santa was just the worst. Even if the gifts appeared every year, there’s no way I’d keep believing in this guy. 

It was then I considered something. What if it was someone else? 

It hit me: dad! He was always so disappointed with the lack of Santa in my life. Maybe he’d been leaving these gifts all along. If he had a small budget and needed to hide them from mum, he’d have to get second hand nonsense. It made perfect sense! 

On Boxing day, I ran down the stairs to find my dad in the kitchen. Humming a tune, he scrubbed down the sink with bleach and soda crystals. 

A nose pinching smell had been developing in the pipes. Certain areas of the house had become clouds of death at night from just how strong it had become. We figured it was an old house, they tend to come with equally ancient smells. 

We had a plumber out a few times, he flushed them out which helped for a while. But a few months would pass and it'd come back even stronger. 

Dad to combat it began weekly scrub-athons. He'd go sink to sink, toilet to toilet cleaning them till his hands ached. It seemed to work. Much better than hearing Misty whines anyway, that nose of hers made her more alert to it than us. 

The older Misty grew the more anything seemed to bother her. At night she'd whine a lot even after the smell had gone.

The sensory horrors of our house aside, I focused on how to test my father. Mum was in the room next door so I had to be careful with  my words. Before I could utter a sentence, dad was scrambling in a panic to stop Misty from eating the fridge’s contents. 

I found myself rooting for her over my own flesh and blood, but alas she was a tiny girl and dad could pick her up with one hand. My girl was never winning this battle. 

“Oh Misty… why are you like this?” My dad grumbled to himself. 

It was then he spotted me. 

“Emily, I didn’t see you there pet. Did you need something?”

I got so distracted by all the commotion I had forgotten my original objective again. 

“Dad, can you get me a light bulb?”

“A light bulb?” 

“Yeah, I need one.” I winked at him, but he just stared back with a blank expression.

After a moment, he laughed. 

“Sure kid, I’ll get you a candle too!”

I never received a bulb nor a candle. 

Looking back at it, this was a clear attempt at one of his poor jokes. But to a 9 year old me, this was all the proof I needed. He never asked why I asked for one, so he must’ve known it was for the lamp. Simple. I wish he could’ve got it without me prompting him to, but this works.

Back to my toys I went, and soon I forgot about the light bulb. 

There was another reason to worry. I was running out of room under my bed. I needed somewhere to store my toys before they were found. 

Maybe the attic? But I'm too short to reach the door. It wasn't even really a door, just a block of wood we slid to the side. There was no lock so that'd make it easier, but no way I could lift it and sneak a ladder over. 

We kept our Christmas decorations up there and not much else, so it would be a good hiding spot. No, I decided against it. The smell up there was rotten anyway since dad never went up there.

Misty hated the attic too. When we first got her she'd bark at it a lot. The barking ceased, unless it was open. Making it a definite no go zone for hiding.

I didn't need all my gifts however. If the next gift was too big, I'd chuck a couple out. 

Then the next year came. I asked for a porcelain doll. No, I wasn't born in the 60s. But it was a new trend at school. By trend I mean Amy-Lee got one and now everyone wanted one. 

My parents were blunt. They didn't trust me with something that fragile. And expensive. I insisted they could get a cheap one but they refused. 

Bahumbug.

They had me choose something else from my list. 

I had faith in my father to pull through however. Or should I say ‘Santa’. There'd be plenty of old broken dolls at charity shops or sold second hand online. I was sure he would manage. 

I didn't get anything close to porcelain. 

The cardboard box was way too big for the size of its contents. It wasn't even taped together this time, instead falling apart at the sides. It smelt even worse than all the other ones too. 

Inside was a rag doll. An old rag doll with matted blonde hair. Hair that looked a lot like mine. 

It had no clothes and was poorly stitched together, its stuffing still seeping out of the cracks. It was not cute or cuddly. It was just a mess. 

I tried my best to ignore the stains splotted over it. Its face was scratched off and painted over, it looked as if it was done in anger with how frantic the paint strokes appeared. 

The weirdest detail stapled to its forehead.

In place of its face was a polaroid photo. A polaroid photo of me.

I did not remember the photo being taken. I didn't seem to be aware of a camera in the picture either. I was tucked away in a bright white rectangle in the corner of a pitch black image. I was looking up at something as I saw hands emerge from the same location I stood. 

My mum's hands. Reaching for Christmas decorations. 

The attic?

I threw the photo away and gave the doll to Misty. When my parents asked where she got it, I said she must've dug it up. 

There's no way my dad would give me something so strange. I too realised he never got a lightbulb. I considered this being a cruel lesson from my mother, an elaborate ruse to show why I shouldn't believe fairytales so easily. 

But she didn't take the photo. I doubt dad did either. The polaroid was recent too, I could tell it was from the start of the month when we began decorating. So I wouldn't have forgotten it being taken. 

My parents seemed a bit out of it Christmas morning, like they did not sleep. There was a possibility they really had been sneaking around and this was a poor DIY gift.

What confirmed it wasn't either parent was when I unwrapped their present to find a porcelain doll.

I should've said something. But fear crippled me. I wanted to believe the lie that it was really Santa. Or some mythical creature that doesn't understand what a good gift is. 

It wasn't a violating image, yet I felt gross. From then on, I felt like someone was watching me. These constant omnipresent eyes I couldn't escape from.

That's when I remembered, Misty was beside me in bed that night.

Misty would bark at visitors, postmen, and even her own shadow. While her whining had stopped in the past year, her constant yapping never ceased. The only people that didn't get to hear her vocal nature was when it just was us. That sniffer was too accustomed to us.

If someone had truly been outside my door, she would've barked up a storm. 

I never sent any letters to anyone either. How could someone know what I wanted? No one was there for our conversations, so this figure could somehow read minds.

That brought me some relief. It wasn't a person, not likely to be a monster either. Monsters wouldn’t leave gifts. Could it have really been Santa? It felt a strange conclusion, but one a scared 10 year old was willing to accept.

What if he was real after all? A guy like that would probably have magic to take a photo without me knowing. I'm sure he'd be an expert dog tamer too. 

I think deep down I knew I was lying to myself. But I didn't want to ask my parents anything about it. Not just because they'd take all my other stuff away, but because I feared their answer. At least subconsciously. 

I decided what I should do. What mother always talked about. 

Evidence. 

I set out to catch the mystery gifter in the act. Whether it be a magical old man or one of my parents I was going to find out for myself. Then, I'd report whatever answer I got onto mum. She'd know what to do from there. 

Misty was getting older before she was getting younger. The less energy she had the more I felt bad for her. I wanted to get her a friend but I think we all knew a younger dog would drive her mad. 

So, I asked for a stuffed dog plushie. The best plan an 11 year old can muster. 

Though I knew ‘Santa’ would be able to get me one. Stuffed dogs were a popular form of teddy, Santa could find one anywhere. My parents already agreed, but an extra didn't hurt. Especially if I guaranteed Santa showed up. 

I had to hype myself up to be a big girl. Keeping my door open all night in the dark sent my imagination racing. I'd always imagine some monster creeping up the stairs to take me in my sleep. My circumstances made that image more vivid than usual. 

It had to be done, I knew that. If I just roughed it out I'd manage. I didn't need to sleep anyway, quite the opposite. I needed to remain awake all night long and my buzzing mind could help with that. 

I waited. I waited and waited. 

My eyes bounced around each dark corner of the hallway. I didn't know where he was going to come from. I just had to wait. Be patient. 

I wished I brought Misty to bed with me. I couldn't risk her scaring him off though. This was my one shot. If I saw him, he may never come back again. 

Or maybe he would. Who knows, I didn't get the rules. It was a risk not worth taking either way. 

A couple times I was tempted to shout into my parents to get me a glass of water. I wasn't thirsty, just terrified. I thought sending them downstairs would mean they could scout it out on my behalf. 

But when they go down those stairs they could bump into Santa and make him run away. I had to commit, I had to know.

The visibility was poor but I could make out that 3 hours had ticked away on the clock. My eyes were so heavy. Not even fear could remove the thick blanket of exhaustion that was washing over me. 

Just a few more hours Emily. Just a few more hours and you will catch him. 

I don't think I understood what a few meant. What I did know was I had to stay awake. 

But I couldn't. 

I didn't realise it had happened. I just drifted off peacefully. I think I dreamt about Misty, her little tail wagging as I returned home from school. I didn't want it to end.

That was until I heard a creak. 

It was a struggle peeling open my eyes. My eye-lids fought hard to shut again but my mind vaguely recalled the mission I had set forth. 

I peaked from under my covers towards the doorway. It was so dark, even focusing my eyes didn't help to reveal the source of the sound. 

Then I saw him. 

Or well, the silhouette of him. I could see a flimsy hat on his head with a plump pom pom at the end. He wore big boots, seeming to be made out of leather with how they squeaked. I think I could also make out the outline of a beard but no other details on his face. 

It was him, it was really Santa. 

I laid my head back down, too tired to entirely comprehend who stood at my door. I couldn't help but smile to myself however, knowing something magical had happened. 

Quiet, I murmured, “Thank you, Santa.”

I could see him put a finger to his mouth shushing me, before turning away. My eyes began to crust back together again as I watched him tip toe away. 

The last thought I remember having was guilt. We really should've left milk and cookies for him. 

When I awoke again, it was Christmas morning. It took me a minute to fully escape my slumber, but it hit me hard when I remembered what had happened. 

I practically jumped out of bed. I was so excited I couldn't wait to tell everyone. Santa was real! He was real! I had no proof other than the gifts for now, but I'd get more next year. But I knew he was real!

Without a second thought I brought the cardboard box inside and slammed it onto my bed. Again, poorly taped and no paper but I didn't care. 

This one was a big one, at least weight wise. Santa must've got Misty a big friend! I couldn't wait to surprise her. It may not be a real dog but she could have a pretend pack like the wolves on TV! 

I tore it open without considering how to. I just knew it all needed to go so I could look inside. Paper landed all over the floor, but I could pick it up later. Right now I just– 

I was confused. I didn't understand.

Inside there was a dog plush, just like I asked for. Yet, there was something off about it. For a toy it was hyper realistic, uncannily so. Like if I touched it I'd feel its stomach move. The red stuffing was the main give away it wasn't real. But the oddest thing of all was…

It looked just like Misty. 

I reached a hand in, stroking its fur. It felt like Misty. A bit of a wet dog smell too. It smelt like Misty. There was even a little warmth of it, but like it was fading out. That wasn't like Misty. 

When I removed my hand, I realised the stuffing wasn't naturally that colour. 

I ran out into the hallway and began whistling. 

“Misty!” I yelled out. 

Nothing. Not even the sound of movement. 

“Misty! Here girl!” My desperate plea echoed.

Still nothing. 

“MISTY!” This time it was a screech, reality hitting me like a truck.

My mum burst out of my parents room, disoriented by being woken so suddenly. I ignored her as I rushed back to my room. 

“Emily, what's the matter?” She inquired somewhat expasterated. 

Shaking, I approached her, my increasingly colder Christmas gift laid across my arms. The coming tears overwhelmed me. I could only quiver out a meek response. 

“Misty…”

I didn't know how, but my mother immediately grasped the situation. 

“Eric, we need to go, now!” 

It all happened so fast I didn't know how to process it. All I knew was we abandoned our home and all our presents to run to our neighbours house. 

My mum demanded a phone to call the police. The neighbours didn't argue, because despite all the chaos I never set Misty down. My tears soaked her empty husk. 

My girl, it was all my fault. 

It wasn't until after my parents spoke to the police I pieced everything together. 

My parents had already had their suspicions before Misty's fate. They had grown uneasy about the persistent smell, but that wasn't all. At night mum could swear she heard faint murmurs in the attic. It tended to creak and moan a lot but in recent years it sounded like more than just an old house. 

It's where she told the police to look first. 

Outside of the powerful odor, they did not find anything at first. That was until they discovered a hidden crawl space at the back. 

Behind old broken TVs, that had been tossed up there before I was even born, was a latch. One they'd forgotten all about. 

When the police opened it they found a living space. Blankets, wrappers, missing food now rotten. There were stains everywhere from the rotten juices of previous meals. 

And trash. So much trash. Whoever lived there must've rummaged about a lot. There were piles of old useless items that had long been tossed. They had a dedicated corner with flattened cardboard boxes and tape.

The smell in the pipes wasn't the pipes themselves. The crawl space was mainly for insulation, so much of the rotten junk seeped down into the walls. 

The gap between these walls was even big enough for someone to slide inside. 

Beside a blanket and a pillow was a beaten up plastic folder. It contained photos. Hundreds of photos. They must’ve chosen to pay for the polaroid paper over food, stealing our own to get by. All for one purpose. 

Me. They were all photos of me. From the attic. From cracks in the walls. From the kitchen when we were all outside. Some outside my bedroom door. 

They dated back to when I was a toddler. Playing with mum in the garden, us all eating dinner, so many of me sleeping at night. 

Even when I was in the bath. The photographer peered through the gaps in the ventilation. 

In the same section was a pair of my socks, some of my baby teeth, and old nappies. 

They found everything. Except the man himself. 

The only remains of him was the Santa suit he had worn. His stench clung with it. My guess is he abandoned it in a panic when he heard his present didn’t go down well.

I felt so stupid. I knew something was up a year earlier. Even before then I should’ve caught on.

 The police shared the same sentiment. I'm not sure they believed anything I told them. Just some kid over exaggerating events to pretend I knew more than I did.

My mother said the real stupidity began when I started blaming myself. 

“How could a child predict this?”

She’d always repeat to me. 

The sentiment rang hollow when burying my best friend.

A lot of time has passed since then. Sometimes, it feels like I’m still being watched. It makes my skin crawl just thinking about how that man is still out there. Waiting.

What follows me most is guilt. I got Misty killed. All so I could play detective. I know I was young, but it brings me no comfort. 

Thanks to me she’d never see justice. Despite warning us the whole time, she met such a cruel fate.

To Misty I’m sorry. I’m so sorry my good girl. You deserved better, so much better. I wish I could make it up to you.

 For now, I hope my tears can reach the dead.
Title: My Best Friend Went First Across King's Ridge. He Never Came Back the Same.

The mountain was never supposed to lock Mark inside.

The weather was worse than we thought.

It wasn’t supposed to snow that day, but a blizzard hit us.

We were halfway up the mountain, and the cabin was not far enough from the ridge.

“Mark, I don't think we can get over King’s Ridge. The blizzard is too strong.” 

“We can’t just wait and sit around in this weather. It’s alright, John, I’ll go first. Hold onto the straps.”

“Mark, I really don’t think so…”

“Just hold on!”

He screamed in my face.

I tried to yell at him to stop; we could barely see a few feet in front of us.

But Mark wouldn’t listen anymore; his mind was made up.

I rested my body against the mountain and grabbed the harness of my rope.

My heart was beating hard in my chest.

Mark started walking on the ridge, holding onto the rocks, his bag bumping behind his body.

Less than a minute passed, and I couldn’t see him anymore.

Then a scream. The rope started pulling so hard that I was scared the hook would come out of the rock.

Somehow, I managed to stay on my feet.

“Are you okay, Mark?!” I screamed down to him.

“Yeah, I’m good,” he said in a calm voice.

“Can you climb up?”

Soon, he emerged from beneath the ridge, laughing.

“It’s getting bad. Let's turn around.”

“We’re so close. Let’s just wait for like 20 minutes, maybe it will pass.”

“What if it gets worse, then we won’t even be able to get back!”

“Twenty minutes.” Mark didn’t even wait for my answer and passed by me to hide in a cave nearby.

I tried to bargain with him, but he wouldn’t budge. 

I sat in the cave next to him, anxiously staring out of the entrance, praying the blizzard wouldn’t get worse.

There was a strange drawing on the wall of the cave, a square with two lines extending from it, crossing each other.

But like magic, the snow slowly subsided. The sky opened up, and a warm sun came from behind the clouds.

“See? What did I tell you?” Mark said and walked out.

I was still a little wary, but this was our best chance to make it up to the cabin.

We strapped the carabiners, and Mark walked over, this time without an issue. I slowly followed.

The rest of the climb was moderate. The cabin was just around the corner.

Then the blizzard came back.

Hail was hitting my face.

I screamed at Mark to speed up and get to the cabin as soon as possible.

Everything slowly turned white.

Then Mark’s voice screamed through the wind, “John, the cabin’s here!”

Prayer flags were hung all around it.

I was surprised that these were the first flags we saw.

There were many of them on the other mountains, and this one was supposed to be the holiest.

“Hey John!” Mark screamed again.

I snapped out of it. He was pointing at the door. 

There was a lock on it.

How was that possible? This should have been opened for everyone.

But there was no time to think.

Mark pulled a knife from his backpack and started pounding on the lock.

One, two, three hits.

The lock broke.

He quickly opened the door, and we both stumbled in.

Candles were lit around the cabin.

Prayer flags hung around the ceiling.

“Hi, is anyone in here?” Mark shouted.

No answer.

Mark looked back and shrugged.

A chill ran down my spine.

Mark pulled out his flashlight and climbed up the ladder to the sleeping area.

“There’s some weird symbol on the wall.”

I walked back to take a closer look.

It was a square with two lines extending from it, crossing each other.

It was the one from the cave.

“Yo, the candles are in the same shape as the thing on the wall.”

Then, strange singing started coming up from the floor beneath us.

It was in a language I couldn’t understand.

The singing was loud and throaty with a strange raspiness.

We looked at each other in bewilderment.

Then the symbol on the wall began glowing in a bright white light.

It shone right into Mark’s face.

His eyes then slowly widened and rolled up back into his head.

He fell to the floor.

“Mark!” I screamed out and ran to him.

His body started shivering and foaming at the mouth.

A seizure?

Mark didn’t have epilepsy.

I got on my knees, rolled his body to the side, and put a bag under his head.

He started seizing more.

I frantically got our backpacks and started searching for the first-aid kit, knowing there wasn’t anything to help him.

The trapdoor opened.

People with long dark hair, beards, and clothing with strange necklaces began crawling out of it.

They looked around the room and down at Mark.

One of them pointed at his hand.

He had an open wound on it.

They started arguing among themselves.

Another one of them, a man with a larger set of necklaces and tattoos on his face, pointed at the symbol.

I tried to tell them again that I needed to help my friend, but they wouldn’t listen. I could see genuine anger in their faces.

They began screaming, pulled out knives, and began coming closer to us.

Shock ran down my spine.

Then Mark’s body sat upright. His eyes were still rolled back.

He began roaring at the people, his voice deep and rusty.

They stopped, got on their knees, and started bowing down to him.

The roaring began getting louder until my ears started ringing.

Mark then stood up, looking among the men.

He pointed at one of them and outstretched his hand, motioning it upwards.

As he did so, the man’s body began levitating, floating in the air.

The man wore a smile of contempt and happiness.

Then Mark clenched his fist, and the man’s head slowly caved in on itself and exploded, his brain splattered all over the room.

My legs started shaking, and I let out a gasp.

The other men were still bowed on the ground, with no reaction to what had happened to their companion.

I started slowly backing away, trying to reach the door, but as my hand touched the handle, Mark quickly turned away.

He now pointed in my direction, started roaring, and outstretched his hand.

My body then began levitating in the air.

It was getting harder to breathe.

“Mark…Mark…st…op.”

He then started slowly clenching his fist, and immense painful pressure formed in my head; my ears started popping.

My world started turning black. I tried to call his name again.

Then his eyes rolled back.

My body fell to the ground.

“Wha…What’s going on?”

“Mark, Mark!”

“John…?”

The men started singing again.

Mark’s body began shivering.

He fell to his knees and let out an agonizing scream, his eyes rolled right back into his head.

I didn’t wait around this time and opened the door and stumbled outside of the cabin into the blizzard.

My heart was beating out of my chest.

I ran as fast as I could, not looking back.

The roars echoed through the wind.

The hail was hitting my face.

The wind felt so cold on my skin.

I reached King’s Ridge. The roar was getting closer.

I crossed swiftly, not caring if I fell.

Halfway across, I saw an outline of a human next to me.

My body froze with fear.

Then the silhouette slipped, and a scream echoed through the mountain.

First sounding like the roar, but then slowly turning to Mark.

I managed to cross the ridge and hid in the cave next to it, shivering.

Two other explorers found me after the blizzard subsided and called the mountain service.

I was becoming hypothermic, but managed to survive.

The mountain service explored the mountains. There were the bodies of the three men in the cabin with their heads exploded.

They never found Mark’s body.

I’m sitting in a hotel room now, awaiting the interrogation tomorrow.

The walls are thin here.

I can hear someone singing next door.

*I think it’s Mark.*
Title: I Met a Boy Who Hid Forever

I was 22 and had graduated with a bachelor’s degree in English six months ago. I always imagined that as soon as I graduated I’d be publishing books or running some avant-garde lit mag, but I was having a hard time finding my first “real” job. I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was running out of time to do something great. 

I’d been working as a volunteer slush reader for *Dark Dreams Review,* but I quit after a month when it became clear that the journal wasn’t going anywhere: nothing they published was new or special.

With no job or responsibilities, I started going for long walks around my neighborhood, daydreaming about all the ways I could reinvent myself: move to Hollywood and live out of my car while working on my screenplays, sell all my possessions and travel the country in a van.

It was during one of these walks that I saw the man. We were on Bernard Street and walking toward each other. The middle of winter, and yet, he wore a t-shirt and shorts. When he walked past me I felt a surge of heat and fetid air, like an oven full of plastic had just opened. I turned around in time to see him crossing the street.

An SUV ran a stop sign as the man walked out in front of it. I screamed and threw my hands in the air, but the car passed right through him.

The car moved steadily ahead, and the man continued walking. It was only then, staring at him with my mouth agape, that I realized: the man was somewhat opaque, not obviously so, but enough that I could look through him and vaguely make out dark shadows.

I watched the ghost until he turned the corner, then I followed. I rounded the bend in time to see him walking toward an abandoned house on the right. He entered the front yard and disappeared.

I was stuck in place and breathing hard when a voice came from behind me.

“You can see him too, can’t you?”

I turned around to see a tall, handsome man about my age, with curly blond hair and brown eyes. He looked down at me and smiled like I’d done something surprisingly cute. A kid who solved a math problem she hadn’t been taught in school.

“Yes,” I said. “Who is he?”

“Your guess is as good as mine. You followed him, right?”

I nodded.

“He’s always walking the same path, but he disappears right here. I think it’s where he used to live.”

“What makes you think that?”

“Where else would you spend your afterlife trying to reach?” He shrugged. “My name’s Charles. You want to get a cup of coffee?”

I laughed, and he flinched as if I’d hit him. “I’ll take that as a no?” he asked.

“Yes!” I said, too sharply. “I mean, no. You shouldn’t take it as a no. My name’s Sarah. Let’s get a cup of coffee and… you can tell me more about the ghost?”

“I don’t know anything else. But I can tell you more about me.”

I’m not sure if I said yes because I liked his smile, or because I didn’t want to give up the adventure. 

We spent the 10-minute walk to Collective Coffee making awkward small talk about our lives and hobbies. He was an accountant who spent his free time hiking and rock climbing. He was delighted to know that I was an English major, but when he asked me about a few old books he seemed somewhat disappointed that I didn’t recognize them.

Collective Coffee was a cute little spot I’d never been to before. The walls were covered with black and white portraits of couples and families, and next to the menu above the counter there was a blown-up image of a newspaper article touting the shop as winner of the city’s 1984 “best cup of coffee” competition. The place was empty aside from an old man and woman sitting in the far corner by the bathroom and a barista with pink hair who stood at the counter and greeted us as we approached.

I smiled at her and looked up to study the menu. I was thinking about either a latte or a cappuccino, but then Charles was already ordering his Americano. \\\\\\\*Rude,\\\\\\\* I thought.

“And she’ll have… a chai tea latte?” He finished.

“Uh, sure.”

The girl gave me a sympathetic look, then went to make our drinks.

A few minutes later we were sitting down at a round table in the front.

“So, how often do you see ghosts?” Charles asked.

“Not often,” I didn’t want him to know that this was the first time.

“I’ve been seeing them since I was little,” he said, looking down at his drink.

Charles' childhood home was just on the other end of Bernard Street. He often stopped by because, sometimes, he could see his mother’s ghost through the kitchen window. He’d seen the ghost I’d been watching a few times over the years but had just happened to be walking back from visiting his mom that day.

“So… what happened to your mom?”

“She died.”

“Oh… yeah. Um, do you see ghosts every day?”

“Only when I’ve been out mushroom hunting.”

“Mushroom hunting?”

“Yeah. I like to search around trails and forests for rare mushrooms. Sometimes I eat the edible ones.”

It took me a second to get it. He looked worried until I started laughing.

I made some excuse about my parents needing my help at home. Before I could leave he said, “let’s get dinner… Tuesday night?”

When I took a moment to reply he said, “We can talk about… whatever.”

“Sure,” I said. “I’ll text you.”

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*

Dinner went okay. He was sweet but awkward; he kept teetering on the edge of telling me something about ghosts. He’d say something like, “sometimes they look, well…” and then go silent before changing the subject. It was like he wasn’t sure if he could trust me. I was determined to show that he could.

We started hanging out a few times a week. Sometimes we’d get dinner, other times it was coffee, a movie, or a walk.

I can’t say I ever liked him that much, at least not romantically, but there was a certain dependency that started not long after the first dinner date. To some degree, I felt close to him because of the power we shared. But he also had this anxious desperation. He hid it well with his smiles and cheesy jokes, but I could tell by how \\\\\\\*hard\\\\\\\* he tried that he was holding his breath with me, or on the edge of his seat, silently begging me not to go. He paid for things and opened doors; he gave me flowers and chocolate. When it was time to say goodbye each night, he’d grab my hand and hold it for just a little too long. Before letting go, he’d squeeze hard, as if considering pulling me in.

So when one day Charles asked me if I wanted to go back to his apartment, I said yes. Not because I felt that I had to, and not because I thought he would be mad if I said no, but because I wanted to be there for him. I wanted to see where he lived, what he kept in his fridge, what he had on his walls, what his room smelled like, I wanted to understand him.

He had no welcome mat or decorations, just a TV, a couch, and some books stacked against the wall. No kitchen table, no recliner, no place to put our shoes.

“You sure know how to live,” I said.

He laughed. “When I was a kid, I spent all my time inside. I didn’t get the chance to experience much. So, when I started living on my own, I decided I’d spend as much time outside as possible. No need for a lot when I’m barely here.”

We sat down on the couch and talked for a while. I don’t remember what about. What I do remember is the way his eyes softened and his lips parted slowly. How he lowered his chin in a way that made him look like a child. I remember, better than I remember anything else, how softly he asked me:

“Will you please try to find me?”

“What?”

“I want you to go outside, count to 10, then come inside and find me.”

Something about the way he asked made it so I couldn’t say no. I went outside and closed the door behind me.

Standing outside in the dark, I was cold and shivering. My heart was pounding and I couldn’t catch my breath. I contemplated running to my car and just forgetting about Charles. I mean, I’d really only known him for a few weeks at this point. Why did he so desperately need me to play this game? I should have just left, but… I had to know where this was going.

When I finished counting I opened the door and scanned the living room. I took a step forward and the sound echoed off the bare walls. I imagined Charles hiding just around the corner. He suddenly had a knife and a rope. He knew exactly where I was. He was waiting.

My throat tightened. The door slammed shut behind me and I cried out. I wanted to leave, but no… it was just a game. I laughed at myself for being so ridiculous.

I took my shoes off before taking another step. The apartment was small and there weren’t a lot of places to hide, but I took my time. I checked behind the couch, under the bed, behind the shower curtain. Each time I turned a corner or opened a door my body was tensed to run.

When I opened the towel closet I found him curled into a ball under the shelf. He was rocking himself back and forth and crying. I reached for him, and he straightened his legs and scooted out. I helped him get to his feet, and he just stared at me. His eyes were wide and he was shaking.

For a moment neither of us moved, but when he took a shaky breath, I leaned in and kissed him. I didn’t know how else to make him feel better.

We had sex that night. I was on top of him with my hands on his chest. I looked straight ahead at the wall the whole time. When we were done we laid next to each other. When he fell asleep I got up and went home.

I came over again to watch a movie a few days later. We sat close together on the couch, almost touching but not.

We were about halfway through when he gently grabbed my chin, turned me toward him, and kissed me. I pulled away on instinct.

“Sorry,” I said. “I just… really like this movie.”

We watched for a little longer, then he paused the TV and said, “Can I tell you something?”

“Of course.”

He took a deep breath.

Charles saw a ghost for the first time while playing in the backyard with his mom. Only, he didn’t realize it was a ghost. He thought it was funny that the yellow dog kept walking back and forth from the big tree to their back door.

When he perfectly described the dog that had died before he was born, was buried under the tree, and that he had absolutely not seen any pictures of, his mom brought him inside and prayed over him for hours.

Later, when he began talking about a “grey man” in the house, she beat him so badly that he was kept out of school for a week for fear of teachers taking notice. She started drinking, and her beatings became more and more frequent. Only, she got smarter about how she dished them out; she hit him in places where no one could see the evidence. She said she was beating the demons out of him.

He started hiding every time his mom drank, or when he knew she’d be coming home late from the bar. She’d walk into the house screaming his name. Sometimes, if he hid really well, it would take her an hour to find him. But she would never stop looking until she did.

“Even now,” he said, “part of me feels… loved. She always looked for me so hard. Like I mattered to her more than anything else in the world. She wanted to find me and beat me because she thought she could cure me. If she hated me she could have just kicked me out or killed me, you know? She never stopped looking, and she never stopped trying. Until she died.”

It happened when he was 12. She came home after a long night at the bar and found him quickly because he wasn’t hiding at all. He was sitting on the couch waiting for her.

She went to slap him, but when her arm was just an inch from his face, he caught her by the wrist, squeezed hard, looked her in the eyes, and told her \\\\\\\*no.\\\\\\\*

When she tried to hit him with her other hand, he caught that one too. He let go, and she tried to hit him again and again. Each time he stopped her. He didn’t hit her back, but for the first time, he defended himself. She ran to her room sobbing.

“I should’ve just hid,” he said. “She would’ve looked for me, and she would’ve found me, like always.”

But in the morning it was he who found her, dead in her bed. There was another her checking in closets and behind furniture.

“I’m right here,” he told her.

She turned.

“You found me.”

She walked toward him like she always did, eyes narrowed and fist raised to strike. But when she brought that fist down, it went swiftly through him like a knife through a thin layer of smoke. She tried to hit him again and again as she screamed like a banshee. 

He backed away. “Why do you want to hurt me!?”

“There’s a demon inside you! You need to stop talking to ghosts!” 

“You’re a ghost!”

He ran out of the house and called the police. But as he looked through the front window, he saw her peeking behind the TV with her arm reared back.

When he was done talking, I told him to hide, and that night I looked for him harder than ever.

For weeks after, almost every night, I’d search for him and we'd end up in bed. I didn’t particularly like the strange game of hide-and-seek, but I didn’t hate it either. It made him happy. I really did want him to be happy. Even if I didn’t love him like he loved me.

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*

One day, we were hiking through a trail he’d been begging to take me to for weeks. It was special to him, and he kept stopping to tell me facts about different plants and wildlife. It was so mind-numbingly boring. I kept trying to steer the conversation toward ghosts. I asked him if he could see any right now, or if he could sense any nearby, but all he would say was something like “that’s not how it works” before saying something about the trail. He had just finished explaining the lineage of some tree when I came right out and said it.

“I’m starting to get bored. Will you take me to see your mom?” 

I think we both knew that I was being intentionally vague about what exactly I was getting bored of. I could see the fear in his eyes.

He swallowed hard before answering. “Okay. But only once.”

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*

We went on a Wednesday in the early afternoon so that the family who lived there would all be at school or work. It was a square house on the corner of Bernard Street. Brown brick, three steps up to the patio and front door. We walked through the grass to the right side of the house and looked in through the kitchen windows.

While the house was foundationally no different from the average suburban home, the owners had made it their own in a way that was beautiful. The counter in front of the window held a yellow coffee mug with crudely drawn black lines meant to resemble a bee. The fridge was covered with crayon drawings and A+ grades. There were five chairs circled around the kitchen table.

When I looked over at Charles, his face was pressed against the glass, his breath fogged the space in front of his lips.

“Is she here?” I asked. “I don’t see her.”

Charles only nodded.

“What… what is she doing?”

“Just… walking.”

I closed my eyes and tried to imagine it. A cursed, phantom lady roaming the home, fist-raised, a fiery anger in her eyes as she hunted for her kid in a house full of others. I wondered if any of them ever saw her. Or if she saw them.

After a few moments Charles said, “We better get going before someone sees us,” and we began walking aimlessly down the street.

“Why do you think she’s still there?” I asked. 

“Trauma, I guess. Or purpose. Maybe they’re the same thing. I mean, I was my mom’s trauma, and her purpose was to stop me, right?”

“How come I can’t see her? And how come I can see the one on the street? I don’t understand.”

“I don’t either. But you’re not like me. I see ghosts all the time. You only see the one, right?”

“Yeah. But what’s so special about that one?”

“I don’t know. Maybe you’re connected somehow.” He paused for a moment before finishing. “Please don’t make me take you back here again.”

That night I looked for Charles, and when I found him, he cried so hard that I couldn’t do anything but just hold his head in my lap and brush his hair. It was the first time I felt guilty about us. Did he realize how transactional our relationship was? I thought he did. 

“I’m sorry,” I said, hoping he knew what I meant.

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*

Around that time, I found a full-time job as an SAT/ACT tutor. Charles was the first person I called when I got the news. 

“I’m so excited for you,” he said. “You deserve it so much, and I know you’ll do great. How about dinner tonight to celebrate?”

He pulled out all the stops. We had steak and wine, then chocolate cake for dessert. He kept telling me that I was so smart and so qualified. He said it so many times that I was starting to feel like he doubted it. 

At the end of the night he walked me to my car. When we were saying goodbye he looked at me so pleadingly, the way he did when he wanted me to go back to his place and find him. But he could tell that I was tired and he was too sweet to ask. Instead, he gave me a tight hug and squeezed my hand. 

I found myself enjoying my job and looking forward to sessions with students. For the first time in a while I felt as though I had a purpose: helping kids get into college. 

I spent so much more than 40 hours a week on my work. I made detailed plans for each student. I imagined how excited they would be when they finally got their goal scores. It took up almost all my time. I loved it. 

I still cared for Charles, but I was getting bored, and the newfound purpose made it hard to ignore the guilt.

So I began drifting away from him. We went from going to his apartment every day to hanging out once a week. Whenever we were together I had this heavy feeling in my chest, like I was mourning something. Once a week turned to every other week, and I could tell that he realized what was happening. Sometimes there were tears in his eyes when we parted ways. 

Eventually we were just texting every few days, like old college friends. 

How’s work?

Good. 

You?

Good. 

This continued for a while, but as I settled into the routine of my job, I was bored again. The students seemed to get dumber and less motivated over time. It was frustrating to explain the same thing over and over, week after week in all kinds of different ways. They just wouldn’t learn, and yet their parents blamed me when their scores didn’t increase. After a while, I decided there wasn’t a point in what I was doing after all. There was no purpose. Just a job.

I started going to see the street ghost on my own. I started to think of him as \\\\\\\*my\\\\\\\* ghost. My personal reminder that there was more to the world than test scores and bratty teenagers. I became braver, more used to him. I’d walk directly behind him, copying his every move. As we neared the old house, I’d close my eyes and keep walking, imagining that I was him, finishing the steps that he couldn’t. All the time I wondered what the ghost’s trauma was. 

But after a while I started to want more. It wasn’t fair. Why did Charles get to see all these ghosts all the time, and I only had the one?

So I reached out to him again. I texted him and waited a few days, but he didn’t answer. I couldn’t blame him. After all, the last text he’d sent me was asking if I wanted to get dinner. Two weeks later, and I’d never replied.

When I got tired of waiting, I drove to his apartment. I knocked on his door, waited a few minutes, then went home. I tried again the next day, and the next. Eventually I got angry. I treated him like a video game that wasn’t working. He was the reason I couldn’t have my fun, my excitement. And there was only one of him. I couldn’t go buy another copy. So, one day, after sitting outside his apartment for hours, I just… opened the door. 

I called his name. I shouted that it was me; I said I just wanted to make sure he was okay. He didn’t answer, so I walked inside and started looking.

I found myself checking all the places he used to hide back when we were together: behind the couch, in the bedroom closet, under his bed. When I walked into his bathroom, the smell hit me. He was lying in the tub, curled into a ball yet so flat that he was almost sinking into it. Trailing down his wrists were thick lines of dried blood that pooled underneath him. Sitting next to him was another Charles. He looked at me with a blank expression.

“You found me,” he said.

“Oh God,” I cried, falling back against the sink. “What happened to you?”

He didn’t answer.

“Why didn’t you tell me you were going to do this? I could have helped you, couldn’t I have?”

He didn’t respond.

“Why… why are you still here? Are you… like your mom, and the man on the street?”

“Things are different.”

“Are they better?”

He didn’t answer for so long that I almost asked again.

“No,” he said.

“Are you choosing to hide? Could you move on… somewhere else?”

“If I go, then who will find me?”

“I don’t know,” I said. “I’m sorry.”

He was silent after that. I had to fight the urge to break down and scream.

After some time he stood up and walked out of the bathroom. Slow and focused, like the ghost on the street.

I counted to 10.

When I found him behind the couch he smiled. 

“You found me.”

“Charles… isn’t… isn’t there a way for me to help you?”

But he was already looking for a new place to hide. 

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*

I still watch the man on the street. When I’m particularly sad, I follow him until he disappears, then I close my eyes and keep walking. I don’t pretend that I’m him anymore. I let the heat and the smell of death wash over me. I think of my future; I think of my past. I ask myself, sometimes over and over:

Will I be here [forever?](
Title: God Rest Ye Merry

It had been a couple of days near the end of Christmastide when the government broadcast came that would change my life forever. Now, I was nothing more than a nipper when it happened, so forgive me, my most esteemed reader, as my recollection is hazy—true to most of this period of my life, and, if I am being honest, with the entirety of my life. Still, I will do my best to relate a cohesive narrative of the events that happened that night. I also understand that what I am about to type out and share with the broader world beyond the limits of my facility will seem… well, the ramblings of a mad man, but I assure you I am not that. This truly happened to my family and me. I am sure of that, and what I saw is very much real, even if my doctors do not believe so.

I distinctly remember being nestled deep against the warm fabric that lay over my mother’s bosom, my favourite stuffed animal, an anthropomorphic crocodile from some movie that’s long been erased from even the deepest recesses of my mind, against my own, as her supple fingers scurried through my hair. We were supposed to be wearing matching ugly Christmas sweaters for the party, but my mother had bought a size one too large. And so we just lay there, watching some horrendous festive B-movie. I felt relatively calm. My eyes were drowsy, and the sound of my own breath, mixed with the shimmering of the lights strewn across our tree and the oh-so-soothing crackles of the embers, was somniferous. Then my eyes crept open slightly as a frizzled-looking bureaucrat with loose skin replaced the movie. The officialdom of my city had declared that all forms of merriment, all vibrant colours, and any upbeat or jovial music were to cease immediately. They did not specify why, just that it needed to be done, lest we all want to die; lest we all want to live in agony; lest we all want to be disappointed; lest we all wish never to receive a gift again; lest we all want to live an outcast life.

I had asked my mother, with a characteristic, tired juvenile curiosity, what the man meant. She couldn’t explain it. She had gotten up, sat me down in the chair, put a festive blanket over me, and told me she needed to call my father. I believe I had sat there for quite a while, drifting off again, when I heard a pounding off a ways away. BAMBAM! I wanted to see, but like the dutiful son I was, I stayed put. BAMBAMBAM!

The knocking had gotten more intense. My heart had skipped a beat; even as young as I was, with my social reasoning just barely developed, I could still parse the evident ire in each of those knocks. I tried sinking myself deeper into the couch cushion, and one foot succeeded. I desperately craved the safe and intimate embrace of my mother, and I thought my wish had been granted when she came back into the living room. But to my horror, she had skipped past me and headed down the hallway to where our front door resided. I heard the rattle of the lock, then the creak of the door opening.

“Hello,” my mother had said. “What can I do for you this—” A feminine scream filled my ears. My mother was pushed onto her fundament. She was now curled against the wall. Seeing her as terrified as I was made me even more frightened. There was a rhythmic *thumpthumpthumpthumpthump*, and men, reminiscent of soldiery, marched into the living room. They began tearing down our tree and smashing ornaments with little care for the sanctity of our living space. I watched as they tore down everything we owned and threw what they couldn’t easily smash into the fires. One approached me slowly, yet somehow with unnerving steadfastness. His uniform was not of the CAF, nor was it American or any other military. To this day, I cannot tell you who these men belong to. But the man who approached me was large compared to me, muscle-bound with sallow skin. He tried to give a friendly smile, but those rotten teeth only made him more unsettling.

“Hey there, kid,” he had said. “I’m going to have to take the toy.”

“No!” I protested. “You can’t take Mr. Smiley.”

“That name is the reason I have to!” he said. “So hand it over.”

“No!” I protested again.

“Damnit, kid!” All semblance of nicety vanished in an instant as he rushed over towards me and tried pulling the toy out of my grasp. When he found it to be unusually firm for a kid my age, he had wacked me in the face with no hesitation, so that my grip became limp, and he could whisk my beloved toy away. My face began to smart, but I paid no heed to the pain as I watched in abstract horror as he hurried over to the fire, the dancing flames tauntingly trying to grab at Mr Smiley.

“No!” I had shouted. I had skittered off the chair and ran towards the man, but my body hit the hardwood as two other men—both of whom were incredibly stout, may I add—leaned their full weight onto my fragile frame. The pain was immense. Bruising was inevitable, and I felt my ribcage press tight against my organs. But none of the physical pain could prepare me for the mental agony of watching Mr Smiley descend into the hungry flames; they wrapped around him, his soft green skin turning tarlike, and soon enough, he had gone from something I could hold into billows of repugnant smoke. I had wept. I had wept harder than I ever had before. My mother started to shout at the men, and they argued and argued and argued. Good God, did they argue! For some reason, the men had no reservations about manhandling a nine-year-old, but they would not dare touch my mother. In fact, they seemed rather afraid of her. Perhaps it was her bombastic zeal. But whatever the reason, it caused them to slow their rampage.

“Please, ma’am!” one of them, a younger fellow, pleaded. “This is for your own good…”

“I do not care!” she said. “Get out of my house! He needs to come out with the rest of everyone!”

“That is not safe, ma’am. It is best—” There was a rumbling sound. “Shit, quick, turn off the lights and put out the flame!” They did so, and my mother swept me up. Then we crouched behind the chair as the men suddenly had rifles in their arms. The world went quiet. The men lined up neatly. They were so still that one could mistake them for toy action figures. Splatter sounds accompanied the rumbling. A bright, intense light lit the room from the hallway. It was a serpentine creature made of fetuses and five-week-old babies and little boys and little girls and teenagers and oh God who knows what else, gooey and slimy, with deep, visible pores across its skin that oozed what could only be described as literal shit. Yet, it was oddly festive in appearance. It had strings of Christmas lights around it with little bows now and again along the line, and atop its body was a nativity scene that had been corrupted to the point that it looked demoniacal. It had a mouth of rotting teeth, eyes made of dead Golden Retrievers, and it slithered with jagged movements; I swore I could hear the bemoans of the individuals who made up the monster—but they were not cries for help or screams of agony. No, they were Christmas carols that had been lowered in register to create a sombre, macabre melody. The men started to fire their guns, shells falling to the floor, but they did not damage the creature.

“Shit,” one of the men said, “there is still something related to Christmas in here!”

Then my mother was yanked from behind me and thrown into the middle of the room. I watched as she slumped, taking little, useless steps backwards. The creature had locked eyes with her Christmas sweater and seemed to beam with excitement. Then it rushed forward, and to my horror, a sight for which my hand shakes just trying to type this out, my mother fell into its cavernous maw. She screamed as green tentacles with little mouths of sharp teeth emerged and wrapped around her. Two of the tentacles flew close to her ear and whispered something gently, then she went limp and began mumbling the lyrics to God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen before descending slowly down its gullet. It grew. It grew and it grew and it grew and it got bigger and more shit poured out of the holes as it grew so big it threatened to tear the very house around us down. The Christmas carols became louder, to the point that to this day, I am astonished I am not hearing-impaired. But with my mother gone, there was nothing left in our home that was even remotely merry. The very notion of Yuletide had gone extinct in our household. So the men began to fire their rifles, and this time the creature shrank with each hit, shrieking as it did so, till it was no more than the size of me. The bullets suddenly stopped working, flinging off its body as it scurried out of the house.

I do not remember what happened between then and my arrival at the facility I have called my home for the last thirty years of my life, but one thing I do know is that what happened that night was real. It had to have been. But I have yet to find anyone who believes me, so here I am, writing this. Maybe there is someone out there who has seen the creature, and perhaps I wish to express this experience in a creative way, which I personally find quite enjoyable. Either way, I hope to reach someone out there who is willing to talk to me, listen, or even relay a similar experience. But I will say this: I am the reason my facility does not celebrate Christmas.
Title: I'm a SFC on Staff Duty. I ignored the 'Red Ink' SOP, and now I can hear my Runner screaming on the 3rd floor.

Hi there. I am a SFC (Sergeant First Class) in the army, and I just changed duty stations about a month ago. I’ve been in long enough to know the drill, and I knew it was only a matter of time before my name popped up on the duty roster for Staff Duty. I just didn't think it was going to be so different from other places, but man, was I wrong...

On December 21, 2025, at 0900, I sat down at a desk that smelled like industrial floor wax and old coffee. My 24-hour shift had just started. In front of me sat the standard DA Form 1594 (Daily Staff Journal). Beside it was my "Runner," a PFC (Private First Class) named Miller who was already three Monsters deep and scrolling through TikTok, the repetitive audio of some trending song grating on my nerves.

The NCO I was relieving, SSG (Staff Sergeant) Halloway, looked like he’d aged ten years since yesterday. His face was very pale, his eyes were bloodshot, and his hand shook slightly as he handed me the building keys.

"Listen," Halloway whispered, leaning over the desk so Miller wouldn't hear. "The Commander's SOP is in the blue binder. Read it. Follow it. But there’s a manila folder tucked behind the printer. That’s the *actual* SOP. You don't sign for it. You don't talk about it over the radio. But if you want to be here for guard mount tomorrow morning, follow the notes in red ink."

I laughed. I’ve been an SFC for a while, and I thought it was just a "hazing the new guy" thing—even for a senior NCO. But once he cleared the building, I pulled out that folder. It was a collection of loose-leaf papers, some dated back to the 1990s, some as recent as last month. The top page was dated November 2025. It simply said:

>**Rule #1: The 0100 Motorpool Check.** 
When you scan the QR code at Gate 4, the light will turn green. If the light turns blue, do not enter the lot. There is no blue LED in the scanners. If you see a blue light, it means the 'Mechanic' is under one of the LMTVs. If you hear a wrench hit the concrete, run back to the vehicle you used to drive there and don't look in the rear view mirror.

I arrived back at 2345, and the building was silent. I thought Miller was asleep in the side office, but the desk feels too empty. I just came back from the motorpool check, which I decided to knock out a bit earlier than 0100 because I wanted to get some rest later. That was my first mistake.

When I reached Gate 4, the scanner light didn't turn green. It didn't turn blue. It turned a pulsating, organic purple—a color I didn't know a light bulb could produce, nor did I recall the rules saying anything about that. The air suddenly felt thick, like the atmosphere right before a lightning strike. I didn't wait to hear a wrench. I got back into the duty van and drove, my heart hammering against my ribs in a way it hasn't since my first deployment.

I’m looking at the CCTV monitor right now. There’s someone—or something—standing in the middle of the parade field. It’s wearing the OCP uniform, but it’s standing perfectly still, like a statue. It's been there for twenty minutes. The weirdest part? The thermal camera shows the parade field is 32 degrees... but that figure is glowing white-hot, like a furnace. The heat bloom is so bright it’s blurring the digital sensor, washing out the grass around it into a stark, blinding white.

My watch just beeped. It's midnight; time for the first BN building check.

I opened the folder again to see if I missed anything about the purple light. I didn't, but I saw the note for midnight. According to the red-ink instructions, I’m supposed to skip Floor 3 entirely. The note says: **"Whatever you hear on the third floor, it’s a recording. Do not open the door."**

But as I stood up, I heard a scream. It was muffled, coming through the air vents, vibrating the metal slats. It didn't sound like a recording. It sounded like Miller.

I looked over at the side office, hoping to see him sitting there, but his chair is empty. The pile of Monster cans is still there, and his phone is still on the desk, plugged into its charger. The screen is glowing in the dark, playing a TikTok on a loop. The same six-second audio clip is repeating over and over, but the pitch is dropping, sounding more like a distorted, guttural chant every time it restarts.

I’m an SFC. I’m supposed to look after my soldiers. That’s the oath I took. But I’m looking at that manila folder, and then at the dark stairwell leading to the third floor, wondering if "Miller" is really the one calling for me.

I have nine hours left on shift. Gods help me.

UPDATE: Off-shift. NSTR.

I’m finally off the desk. My replacement is signed in, and I’ve sanitized the official DA Form 1594. On paper, it was just another 24-hour shift with a "medical incident".

Miller is at the clinic. The medics are calling it shock, but they didn’t see what I saw. He’s physically present, but the way he looks at me... it’s like looking at a photo of a person rather than the person themselves. And his name tape? ***It’s in cursive***, and none of the medical staff seemed to have noticed the regulation violation.

I’m headed to my off-post apartment now. I’ve got his waiver paperwork in my passenger seat—I'm trying to protect his career, but I'm starting to wonder if the PFC Miller I'm protecting is still in there.

I’m going to try to sleep. But I can still hear the floor buffer, and I'm not in the building anymore.

***I have more to update in regards to this matter.*** [***You can find it here***](
Title: I visited the Florida Everglades, and my only souvenir was a supernatural stalker.

I know it's still out there. Something followed me home when I returned from my trip last week. That thing, it was in the swamp, I did something there, and it followed me all this way. I don't know how much longer I have. But I need to tell someone what happened before it's too late.

Last week I was visiting family in Florida. It was a nice time to go, since it's freezing here this time of year, so the trip would be a good vacation. 

I grew up in Florida, but moved away when I was eighteen. I had not been back to visit my family for several years. It seemed like a good time to go and after visiting I was going to meet up with an old friend from school.

Lewis and I grew up together. He was my best friend for years before I moved away. He stayed when I left and eventually we fell out of touch. Now he was living in a small house near the Everglades doing some sort of ecology or environmental research. I realized I had never been to the Everglades before, so it would be good to see him again and check it out for the first time. I called him up and he was happy to hear I would be in his neck of the woods.

After spending some time with my family near Orlando, I started the long trek south to see what sort of place Lewis had taken up near the state's' most famous stretch of wetlands.

I finally got to the muddy driveway and did not see his house. I figured it must be further down the path. I stepped out and was surprised how it still felt humid despite the fact it was nearing wintertime. I walked a bit then saw a figure coming down the path to meet me. Despite the beard and the fact that he was balding a bit, I knew it was him right away. I was already smiling as he approached and he was chuckling,

“Man, it's been too long, how the hell are ya?” I shook his hand and clapped him on the back and returned the greeting,

“Yeah it has, not too bad, how about yourself?”

He chuckled again,

“Ah you know, dodging gators and making moonshine, living the dream as they say. It's an honest life.” He tried to sound serious for a moment, but we both laughed at the same time and we walked the rest of the way to his small house.

I was surprised by the hike and why he said not to bring my car any further. I was about to ask but he read my mind,

“Road sucks out here, don't want you to get stuck. I sold my car last year, got the old airboat for getting around. Works with the stuff I need, I just Uber anywhere else or get delivery, which many of the drivers don't appreciate.” He grinned and I believed him, this place was rough to reach.

We finally arrived at a haggard-looking building that tottered above the shifting swamp on a wooden catwalk. After looking at it, I had to ask,

“Why here?” He paused as if considering, then answered,

“It’s fine for my purposes, it's close to the areas of significance for my research, the ecology grant money has got to go somewhere so why not me? I got a nice stipend from FSU, it's not much but I just have to do my research and put up with the mosquitos and that's that.” He smiled and I appreciated the simplicity that he apparently wanted.

We went inside and it was a bit of a mess to say the least. Garbage, beer bottles, and the smell of even stronger alcohol made me think the moonshine comment was legitimate.

He shrugged as we walked in,

“Sorry, was a little busy, couldn't tidy up. But take a seat and Il grab ya a beer.” He shuffled to the kitchen and I looked around at more of the controlled chaos that was his living and work space.

Papers were strewn all over the floor. As I looked, I almost cried out when I saw what appeared to be a large, motionless Alligator. I relaxed when I saw the gator was just a taxidermied one.

Lewis returned with a few luke warm Miller’s and we cracked them open and spent some time reminiscing about the past.

After a while Lewis suggested something that sounded cool,

“Hey man, why don't we take the air boat for a ride, it's a little loud but it's fun and we can explore a bit. It's kind of like being a pirate on the open seas, except instead of wind and sails it's swamp water and loud engines.” He smiled and despite the bad sales pitch it did sound fun.

We walked outside and down a small dock to a moored airboat, the large fan looked rusted and the thing swayed and shifted on the dark brackish waters. I took a closer look at the surrounding area and was surprised. When I imagined the Everglades, I had the image of the nicer spots of wetlands where manatees swam, but it just so happened that Lewis’s house was by the more “Swampish” sections.

I did not want to voice my concern about the location, or that his boat looked like it could barely stay afloat. Fortunately, once we stepped on and the fan roared to life, I did not worry about my esthetic concerns or anything beyond how loud the fan was.

We were on the water and moving in no time. I had to admit it was a little fun as we sped around the channels of water. No one else seemed to be out and about just then, so it felt like the entire area was ours. As we were moving along at speed, I spotted a sign that concerned me though. It looked like a warning sign and I swear I saw the faded words, 

“Keep out!” I turned back to Lewis,

“Hey man, I think that sign said we aren't supposed to be in this area.” He waved his hand and scoffed,

“Nah its cool, it's just something that the tribe puts up to keep out poachers and other undesirables, its okay. We aren't here to do any of that. Most of this area is still Seminole land and I respect it, though I do pass through on occasion for a short cut.” He grinned again and I did not know if I believed him that it was “Okay” with them, but I let it go.

We slowed down a bit. The engine stuttered, and the fan died for a moment. Lewis grumbled,

“Damn thing, piece of crap engine. I just fixed it.” He started taking a closer look at the stalled fan and as he worked, I looked around. The area was preternaturally dark compared to the other spots, and I noticed the heavy canopy of trees overhead in this area particularly.

As we floated there, motionless I took in the sights and sounds. Then I thought I heard something else, besides the buzz of insects and the splashing of fish. It sounded like....crying? I strained my hearing, and I heard it again. Someone was crying for help.

I turned to Lewis and grabbed his shoulder,

“Hey do you hear that?” He stopped what he was doing and listened.

“Mmmm I think so.”

“I think someone needs help, just over there. I heard someone crying, let's go. Do you have any oars or even a big stick to push us along?” I asked, anxious to investigate.

He pulled out a pair of paddles and I started slowly propelling us towards the sound. The sounds grew louder as we progressed, and I tried to paddle as fast as I could, while Lewis continued trying to fix the engine.

We made it into a shadowy section of mangroves, and it was getting harder to see. I pushed us along, all the while Lewis was trying to do something with the fan and complaining about the lack of light.

The cry rang out again and as we looked on, we saw a strange glow near a small inlet that housed what looked like a single burning torch and some strange stones. I looked to Lewis and he shrugged,

“Not sure. Wish I knew what it was.”

I got the boat closer to what I hoped was solid land. As we neared the edge of the small island, we heard a loud cracking and breaking sound. Lewis groaned in irritation,

“Shit, that better not have broken the hull. It sounded bad.” We couldn't check just yet, but I agreed.

I looked over the edge and saw what we had apparently struck. It was a small stone statue that was half submerged in the water. The boat had broken off the top half of whatever it was and the other portion was still floating on the surface of the surprisingly clear water. The piece looked odd, it had natural striations, but also a strange suggestive set of grooves which looked like they might have been carved into it.

As I looked at it, I felt an odd sensation. My ears suddenly popped and there was a strange feeling of decompression, like pressure was being let out in the air around us. I looked back at Lewis, but he must not have noticed it. He was too busy swearing and freaking out about his boat and the potential damage the collision had caused.

Suddenly we heard a voice cry out again, clearer and more desperate than before,

“Help! Someone help me!”

We were reminded of why we had come out to this little island. I jumped off the boat, aiming for what I thought was the ground. I nearly fell back into the water when I landed, but I managed to grab a bundle of tangled branches that were leaning down towards the spot I had jumped. The branches held firm enough to pull myself up the rest of the way and step onto studier ground.

“I need to go look, someone's out there.” I called back to Lewis, not even looking to see if he was going to come ashore as well.

I rushed into a small brush of trees, past more of the strange stones and some strangely carved wooden effigies.

I nearly tripped when I stepped into a think pool of mud. I thought it might even be a sinkhole of some kind. I avoided falling in and rushed further toward the direction I had heard the voice from.

Then I saw him. It was a boy, maybe twelve or thirteen years old. He was standing near a tree with his back to the water, he was covered in mud and it was hard to even make out his features. He was calling for help in between fits of coughing up what looked like gobs of mud.

I rushed over to try and help. As soon as he saw me, he called out again,

“Please help! It's after me, something pulled me under, its trying to get me.” I rushed over to the kid to check on him. He was slowly being pulled into another sinkhole, worse than the last one I had passed. His legs were snared by some of the vines growing in the basin and it kept him from being able to climb out of the muddy vortex.

I grabbed his outstretched hands first.

“Hold still, Il get you out.” I tried to reassure him while struggling to get him unstuck. I nearly got pulled in myself, but I was finally able to free his leg and pull him out of the mud pit. He was filthy, but otherwise seemed uninjured. The shock of the event was causing him to hyperventilate, and I tried to slow him down. I asked him about what happened,

“What happened? You said something was after you, chased you here? Was it a gator? Is it still nearby?” He tried to answer but his voice was shallow. He had been screaming so hard he had almost lost his voice. I could barely make out his mumbled response.

“No....no gator, something in the mud, something dragged me down, tried to pull me in. I’m not supposed to be here, you aren't either, it's not safe. There is something bad here, I never would have come if I had known what spot this was. Something was trapped here long ago, I can't believe this is where I had to get stuck. I got lost, my raft was damaged. The water here was deeper than I expected, I couldn't get back so I swam up here thinking it was safe.” He was starting to panic again, but I tried to settle him down.

“It's alright, my friend and I will get you home, what was your name?”

He took a deep breath and finally started to control his breathing. When he sensed the immediate danger was gone he answered,

“Nokoski, my name is Nokoski. But we don’t have time to talk. We need to leave, do you have a boat? I lost my raft back that way and I am not getting near the water again, or the mud.” I nodded my head and held out my hand, showing him the way back to the boat.

As we walked I heard Lewis calling out to me and when he saw us walking towards him, he looked relieved and concerned all at once.

“What happened to him?” Lewis asked once we were closer.

“I think he got attacked by something, may have been a gator but he was not sure, let's take him back home. Where is home Nokoski?” I asked the boy but his face had turned pale and he stood on the shore looking down at the broken rock that the air boat had knocked down when we had reached land.

He shook his head then froze, standing quiet and still for a long moment before saying something I couldn't understand. He looked like he was on the verge of shock again and he kept repeating,

“The totem, the totem.” I tried to ask him what was wrong and he turned around and looked at us. He looked completely horrified and I had no idea what had suddenly happened that could make him so scared.

“You two need to leave now! Stay away from me!” Before we could ask why, he dove back into the water despite his previous protests and started swimming as fast as he could away from us and the strange little island we had landed on.

“What the hell was he talking about? I'm so confused.” Lewis said, scratching his head.

“I don't know but I think he’s right, something feels off. He was looking at that little stone that we toppled and kept saying “The totem" I think we may have accidentally desecrated an important site. Let's get out of here.” Lewis nodded his head and we turned back to the boat and departed.

As we slowly paddled away from the strange island, I thought it was odd when I looked back and saw that the stone in the water was no longer visible. In fact the area behind us seemed to look more like sludge or mud rather than water.

I tried the ignore the bad feeling I had focus on getting back. We barely shared a word about the strange event we had witnessed as we slowly floated back.

We got back late and I was exhausted. Lewis offered to let me stay at his place for the night, before heading out to catch my flight back home the next morning.

I agreed. Despite the run-down state of his home, I did not want to try and find a motel at that time of night. I slept on his couch and had a hard time getting comfortable. Lewis had managed to fall asleep almost immediately and I could hear his snoring from where I was.

Just when I did manage to nod off, I thought I heard something outside that made my ears perk. It sort of sounded like wet footprints on the deck outside. I sat up and tried to focus on the odd noise. It shifted slowly and moved on. I was not sure what it could be, but I was a bit concerned. I considered telling Lewis and asking if animals or other things often ventured near his front deck. But when the sound finally died down, I managed to get a few fitful hours of sleep before my alarm woke me.

I said goodbye to Lewis and promised to try and visit again soon. As I was leaving back down the road towards where I had parked my car, I saw something odd. It looked like large muddy footprints on the deck outside his house, they seemed to circle the entire place and even though I did not have time to investigate further, I got a creeping sense of unease when I considered the sound of footsteps last night, and the odd muddy prints I was looking at that morning.

I resolved to send a message to Lewis when I got to the airport and tell him what I saw. I never ended up sending the message though, as I ran into traffic and barely made my flight on time.

When I got off the plane, I was anxious to get back home. Despite the strangeness of the last day, my trip had been a good one. But I was tired and was planning on using my last day before going back to work to relax.

It was two days after my return, when I got the call telling me that Lewis was dead.

I was shocked, I had meant to call him when I got back, but I didn't think it was urgent and now he was dead. I was apparently the last person to have seen him alive and the circumstances of his death were very disturbing. He seemed to have been drowned in mud, not outside his house near the swamp, but in his own bed.

My heart sank and my mind raced. Who would have wanted to kill him? Then I thought about the muddy footprints, that strange encounter with the boy and how he had said something had tried to pull him into the mud.

Worst of all I considered how he had turned pale when he saw the small rock totem we had toppled, when we arrived to try and help. He had tried to warn us away from something bad but left without giving us more details.

I told the police everything that happened that day and I was informed of their intent to keep me as a person of interest for the investigation into his death.

When I hung up the phone I was crushed, confused and scared. I had no idea what had really happened to him, but whatever it was, felt like it was connected to what we had seen. I felt a lingering sense of danger as well. I felt terrible for what happened to Lewis, but I was glad to be far away from where it had happened.

The next day was when I saw the footsteps at home for the first time.

I was just getting back home from work. It was a dry day, no rain or snow, despite how wet the winter had been so far. It made the presence of those muddy prints even more jarring when I saw them. A line of the tracks could be traced from the woods near the backyard all the way to my front door.

Unnerved by the sight I bent down to inspect them. I was disturbed when I saw they looked exactly like the ones I had seen outside Lewis’s house that night. Despite the large humanoid shape, no boot imprint or anything like that was present. There was not even the outline of a barefoot, just a large general shape and it looked about ten sizes too large to be a normal human print.

I followed the tracks to my front door and saw an even larger concentration of mud outside. My doormat was saturated, and I saw mud on my door handle as well.

Seeing this after Lewis had just been killed and learning about the detail in which it had happened cause me to fly into a panic. I did not see anyone, or anything around, but I rushed to unlock my door. I hurried inside and slammed it behind me, locking it again the moment I was inside.

I turned on the lights and frantically searched for any trace of mud in the house. I was relieved when none was evident. At least in that moment, I relaxed and felt a bit safer.

I kept thinking about the mud, the boy calling for help and the horror in which he had fled after he told us to run. Then I thought about Lewis, he had been drowned in mud. It couldn't have been an accident, something from the swamp had gotten in and killed him, smothered him with mud.

I looked outside through my front door and knew then that whatever had killed Lewis had followed me back home somehow.

We must have done something when we were on that island, violated the sanctity of somethings home perhaps? I remembered the boy's words about a totem. Had we broken a sacred object? What was it doing there? And how did this thing know who we were and how to find us?

I had many questions and few answers. The one thing I did know, was that my time was running out.

I didn't leave my house for the rest of the night and when I tried to sleep, I swear I heard dull scratching on the windows outside and the slow shambling walk of something dragging muddy feet along the perimeter of my house.

Yesterday I stayed inside. I didn’t know what else to do, I knew I was in trouble, but I couldn't tell the police that some mud monster followed me home from Florida and was stalking me.

I calmed down a bit during the afternoon and even risked ordering food for lunch. When nothing had shown up and jumped out at me when I got my food, I relaxed a bit. I felt safer knowing that at least in the day I was safe.

That feeling did not last through the night. When it started to get dark, the subtle fear crept back into my mind.

I decided to distract myself with a shower, since I realized I had not had one for a few days. I turned on the water and was puzzled when nothing came out. As I waited, all I heard was a low grumbling in the pipes. I sighed when I thought I might have to call a plumber. I wish it had just been the pipes, since in the next moment something did come out of the showerhead; it just wasn't water.

There was a large bulbous mass of mud and viscous dirt pressing through the showerhead along with a trickle of the water trying to move through the mass. A large glob of the mob fell onto the shower floor and dirty brown water broke through the filth, streaking the shower with brown rain.

I stepped back in disbelief at the sight. I fled the bathroom and shut the door behind me.

I shuddered when I considered how the mud was trying to reach me, trying to pull me into whatever death spiral had claimed Lewis, and who knows how many others.

As I mulled over the hidden threat that stalked me, a more mundane thing drew me out of my paranoid concerns. Despite my fear, I remember groaning out loud when I saw my neighbor Marty was home. And of course he was knocking at my door.

He was the worst sort of neighbor, a rude, passive aggressive old bastard who was also a member of the homeowners association. He was the sort of person to shut down a kids lemonade stand for not having a business permit.

Despite my disdain for the man, I hoped for his sake he would not stay long at my door. I had no idea if anywhere around me was safe anymore.

He knocked and knocked and eventually after muttering some colorful language, slipped what I assumed was some insulting or passive aggressive letter under my door and left.

I did not bother looking at the note, but for a fleeting second I almost considered asking him for help and calling out, but the moment passed and I was left alone in the house with the creeping feeling spreading as the skies darkened.

As it got later and nothing happened, I thought I might still be safe inside. Though I was getting hungry and I had nothing to make. I did not want to risk leaving, so since it seemed like visitors were safe, I decided to order dinner.

After half an hour I heard a knock at the door and knew my pizza was there. I got up and moved to the door and saw a young delivery driver waiting outside. Just as I moved to unlock the door I heard a strange sound outside. I looked back at the glass and it had what looked like a giant muddy handprint on it.

I nearly screamed, but I had no words for what I saw through the grime slicked glass. I saw the poor man's head snap back and a large roiling cloud of filthy water and mud envelop him.

I watched on in shock as mud spilled out of the man's mouth and he gurgled and struggled to breathe. I thought for a moment to try the door and see if I could save him, but just as I reached for it, I saw the handle slowly turning, and shaking slightly. It was like the thing was trying to open it, even as it enveloped and suffocated the writhing and convulsing delivery driver.

I stumbled back in stark terror. I couldn’t move, couldn’t speak. I just watched as the hapless man was consumed by the amorphous blob of mud. When he finally fell down, I slowly inched closer to the door and looked around. The body was gone and all that was left was a box fallen open on the ground with muddy pizza strewn over my porch.

I was too horrified to even react to the grizzly display I had seen. After the poor driver had been killed, the shifting muddy prints moved around slightly, but did not leave. They just seemed to pace around on my porch, patiently waiting to breach the thin wall of defense that was my door and consume me as well.

I waited for a while, nervously watching the spectacle, until I could not see any new prints on the ground. I thought it was over, but then to my surprise and concern, I saw an old man walking toward my front door. His cane tapping along my drive way in angry rhythm as he moved, completely oblivious to the danger he was walking into.

I hated Marty, but he did not deserve to die. I couldn't open the door, but I decided to open the window slightly and shout out a warning,

“Marty get back, go home, it's not safe. Go home and call for help!”

He bristled and ignored me and kept walking up to my porch. When he was a few feet from my door he launched into his tirade of grievances. He seemed unaware of all the mud and mess of human detritus the creature had left when it killed the delivery driver. He just seemed to look down at the muddy pizza and the mess on my porch.

“Do you have any idea what time it is? What is all this racket? And look at this mess? I swear you single handedly bring down the property value of this neighborhood.”

I tried to warn him again, but it was too late. His long list of complaints was cut short when he was hoisted off his feet by a tendril of moving mud and before he could protest, another appendage of living mud jammed itself down his throat. There was an awful moment where the confused old man had no idea just what the hell was happening and how he had walked into mortal danger. Then he started to shake violently, like he was having a bad seizure. He fell to the ground and the mud coalesced around his head. He was submerged in the roiling mass of mud and vanished with his list of complaints forever unheard.

The deaths happened just last night. I’m still trapped. I stayed inside again today. It's still out there, it has to be. I thought it might be safe to leave in the day. But when I tried to go, I saw a river of mud trickling from my door to some unknown point in the forest beyond and I stopped myself. I tried to call out for help, but my phone was damaged, it seemed to be oozing dark brown water and was totally fried. The only device I have is my laptop and the only thing I can think to do now is write about what happened and warn people away from the curse of that damn place.

Whatever we did in Florida, whatever that totem was, breaking it was bad. It's after me now and I don’t know how much longer I have. I don't know what in the hell it is, but even now I question whether or not I locked the door earlier when I tried to leave. I need to check now for my own sanity.

It's here! I went to the door and stepped on a muddy print. I heard something shifting in my kitchen. I’m in my bedroom now, the door is closed and locked, but I hear it outside. I don't know what to do now. It has come for me and I need to get out of here. I don’t know if I can ever get far enough away, but I have to try. I’m going to try the window, it's only a single story drop and I should be okay if I run, at least I hope so.

I need to go now, the door is moving and I hear something on the other side, I swear there is a light tapping now, like a gentle knock. I look down and even in the dark I can see the small puddle of muddy water oozing under the door.

Its now or never.

I'm sorry Lewis, I should have warned you. Maybe I’l see you on the other side, but hopefully not that soon.
Title: Wailing Mountain (Part 2)

[Part 1](

\---

I was in a small, windowless room, a concrete bunker beneath the cabin. All the while, the thumping was louder than ever before. The air was frigid, a cold, damp chill that seeped into my clothes, into my skin. The walls were lined with shelves, and the shelves were filled with jars. Mason jars, hundreds of them, all filled with a murky, amber-colored liquid. Suspended in the liquid were... things. Things that had once been living, things that were now grotesquely preserved. A snake, coiled in eternal agony. A bird, its wings frozen in a death-throe. A cluster of misshapen, tumorous-looking organs that I couldn't identify. There were charts on the walls, complex diagrams of what looked like circulatory systems, annotated with a cramped, precise scrawl that I recognized as my grandfather's. There were medical textbooks, their pages yellowed and brittle, their spines cracked. It was a charnel house, a cabinet of horrors created by a madman. My grandfather.

Finally, I looked to the center of the room, its oppressive aura beating down on me. In the dead center, surrounded by the shelves of bottled abominations, was the source of the thumping.

It was a machine.

 was a monstrosity of jury-rigged genius and utter, unfathomable madness. A large, corroded tank, the size of a small hot water heater, sat on a raised platform. A thick, industrial-grade hose, the color of faded rubber, snaked from the tank to a series of smaller, glass tubes, which in turn were connected to a complicated-looking apparatus of brass valves, pressure gauges, and a humming motor. The whole thing looked like a bastard hybrid of a moonshine still, a dialysis machine, and something from a Frankenstein movie. And the thumping... the thumping was the sound of the pump, a massive, cast-iron beast of a thing that was clearly the heart of this mechanical abomination. It was a well pump, I realized with a jolt of icy horror, a heavy-duty, industrial pump that had been modified, repurposed for some unspeakable task.

But that wasn't the worst of it. The worst of it was the chair.

It was an old, leather-bound armchair, the kind you'd see in a doctor's waiting room, but it had been stripped of its upholstery, leaving only the stained, cracked wood and a frame of cold, unforgiving metal. And in that chair, strapped to it with a series of thick leather restraints, was a man. Or what was left of a man.

He was emaciated, a desiccated husk of a human being, a cadaver that had somehow forgotten to lie down. His shrunken head lolled to one side, with deep aged lines that looked like spidery crevices weaving throughout his false flesh, the head of ancient deity. His skin was a sickly, jaundiced yellow, stretched taut over a skeletal frame. His hair was a wispy, cloud-white halo around his skull-like face, and his eyes were sunken deep into their sockets, two dark, vacant pits in a mask of withered flesh. A thick, clear tube ran from the apparatus, its needle buried deep in the crook of his arm, a steady, sickly-looking fluid—a mix of the amber liquid from the jars and something that looked ominously like fresh blood—trickling through it, feeding the pump. The thump-thump wasn't just the pump; it was the pump forcing this vile concoction through the man's veins, a mechanical heartbeat keeping a corpse in a state of perpetual, agonizing animation.

But my eyes were drawn to the tapping. The frantic, desperate tapping had stopped, but I could still see the instrument of its creation. It was the twitch of his hand, animated in a state of wicked purgatory, echoing like an ancient typewriter against the metal arm of the chair, infinitely louder than the motion would suggest, a pathetic, robotic plea for an end that would not, could not, come. My mind, already frayed beyond recognition, finally snapped. In its place, something primal and screaming took over. I was no longer a man named Benjamin, a recent inheritor of a mountain cabin. I was a witness to a blasphemy against nature, a voyeur at the theater of the damned. I tried to scream, but my throat was a constricted knot of silent agony. I stumbled backward, my feet tangling in the snaking hoses of the apparatus, and I fell, my back hitting the cold, hard concrete with a sickening thud. The flashlight slipped from my grasp, rolling away, its beam now casting a wild, strobing light on the walls of horrors, the jars of preserved nightmares dancing in the chaotic glow. 

I lay there, sprawled on the floor, my body paralyzed by a terror so profound it was its own form of sensory input, a physical presence in the room. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't think. I could only stare, my gaze locked on the wretched figure in the chair, on the rhythmic convulsions of the pump, on the horrifying, undeniable truth of my own heritage. 

My grandfather hadn't been a spiritualist or a simple folk doctor. He was a monster, a ghoul, a mad scientist who had delved into secrets that were meant to stay buried. This was his legacy. This was my inheritance. A living corpse in a concrete bunker, animated by a monstrous machine. And I was its new caretaker. 

The silence that followed my discovery was a thing of substance, a heavy, suffocating blanket that muffled the sound of my own ragged breaths. The pump continued its relentless, rhythmic work, but in the absence of the frantic tapping, its sound seemed less a heartbeat and more a function, a cold, mechanical process devoid of any life. 

I picked up my flashlight reluctantly and pointed it back at the figure. A strange, vague familial resemblance, though distorted by age, atrophy, and whatever dark arts had been wrought upon him, was undeniable. The nose. The high, intelligent forehead. The shape of the jaw. It was like looking into a funhouse mirror, a grotesque reflection of the face I saw in my own shaving mirror every morning.

A cold, creeping dread, far more potent than the fear I had been feeling, began to seep into my bones. This was a family affair. A generational curse. I wasn't just a random heir, lured here by a cruel twist of fate. I was the next link in the chain. The one my grandfather had chosen to take up the mantle, to tend to this abomination.

My mind, reeling, tried to connect the dots, to understand the why. The journal entries, Rocky's cryptic warnings, the symbol in the woods, the fertile land, the "mountain rot." It was all here, in this room, in this monstrous act of defiance against the natural order. 

The pump's steady thump-thump was a metronome counting down to some unknown, terrifying event. The man, whose name I didn't even know, was a prisoner in a state of perpetual non-life, a living sacrifice to some dark, forgotten power. And I... I was the warden. 

I scrambled to my feet, my movements clumsy, my body trembling uncontrollably. 

He was alive. If you could even call this state *alive*.

His chest was barely moving. It was shallow and fluttering, a rise and fall that was almost imperceptible. An odd, inhuman lagging that barely resembled breathing. His eyes were closed, his eyelids thin, veined membranes. A prisoner in a state of perpetual, agonizing non-life. A living cadaver. The tapping had stopped, the frantic cry for help silenced. But as I watched, a single, tear-like drop of a clear, yellowish fluid welled up from the corner of his eye and traced a slow, glistening path down the sunken crater of his cheek. 

This was the old root. The one who was holding. The "graft" wasn't a medical procedure to cure an ailment. It was a transfer of something vital, something that sustained one life at the expense of another.

I, reeling from the sheer, unadulterated horror of it all, latched onto the details, the minutiae of this chamber of horrors, as if by understanding the components, I could somehow understand the whole. I looked closer at the apparatus, the jury-rigged monstrosity that was the source of the thump-thump. The tank was not just a simple container. It was a distillery, a monstrous alembic designed to extract some vital essence. The amber liquid wasn't just preservative. It was a medium, a carrier for whatever my grandfather had managed to distill from... what? From the land? From some sacrifice? From another poor soul? I shone my flashlight on the shelves of jars, my mind racing, connecting the dots in a pattern of pure, unadulterated madness. The preserved animals, the misshapen organs... they weren't just trophies. They were experiments. Failed experiments, perhaps, or stepping stones on the path to this final, abominable success. 

I had to know more. I had to understand the full scope of my grandfather's depravity. My eyes scanned the room, my flashlight beam a nervous, searching finger in the oppressive dark. I saw a small, wooden desk tucked away in the corner, almost hidden in the shadow of a towering shelf of bottled nightmares. On it, amidst a clutter of stained glassware, scalpels, and a pile of yellowed papers, was a small, portable tape recorder. An old model, a gray plastic box with a built-in microphone and a row of chunky buttons. It looked so out of place, so mundane, amidst the surrounding barbarity. But it was a clue. A message. 

My hand trembled as I reached for it, my fingers fumbling with the cold, smooth plastic. I picked it up, my breath held tight in my chest. There was a cassette tape inside, its spools showing it had already been rewound to the start.

The tape clicked into place, and I pressed the 'play' button. A low, humming static filled the room for a moment, a sound that was almost comforting in its familiarity. Then, a voice.

It was my grandfather's. I recognized it instantly, even though it was thinner, weaker, frayed by age and whatever illness had eventually claimed him. But the cadence, the precise, almost academic tone, was unmistakable. 

"If you're hearing this, Benjamin... then you've found him. You've found the old root. And you've found your inheritance."

My blood ran cold. This was a message, a post-mortem confession, a final, twisted act of paternal guidance.

"I know what you must be thinking. I know the questions you have. The answers... the answers are complex. They are rooted in the old ways, in the traditions of this mountain, in a truth that the world outside has long forgotten. The mountain rot. The wasting sickness. It's not just a disease. It's a tax, a tithe that the land demands from those who live on it. A levy of life."

His voice was calm, reasoned, as if he were explaining a complex scientific theorem, not justifying an act of unspeakable cruelty.

"Our family, Benjamin, our family has always defied it. For generations, we have thrived on this land, while others withered and died. We were healthy, we were prosperous, we were... blessed. But the blessing came at a cost. It required a graft. A transference of life. A way to pay the tithe without sacrificing our own."

My grandfather paused, and in the silence, the only sound was the relentless thump-thump of the pump. I looked from the tape recorder to the desiccated figure in the chair, the "old root," the source of my family's twisted prosperity.

"I tried to find another way. I did. I spent decades studying, experimenting, delving into the forgotten pharmacopeias, the rituals of the old ones. I tried to cheat the mountain, to find a loophole in its ancient contract. But there are no loopholes. There is only the debt."

His voice grew weaker, a faint, rattling cough echoing from the speaker.

"The wasting sickness... it found me. It's a slow, insidious thing, Benjamin. It starts in the bones, a deep, aching cold that no fire can warm. Then it moves to the blood, a thickening, a slowing. The organs begin to fail, one by one, like a failing battery. There is no cure. Not in the modern world. And not in the old world. There is only the graft."

I was mesmerized, my mind a whirlwind of horror and disbelief. The story he was telling, this insane, folkloric justification for the atrocity before me, was starting to make a terrifying kind of sense. The fertile land. The family's wealth. The "mountain rot." It was all connected.

"My father... your great-grandfather... he is the old root. He was strong, a powerful man, full of the mountain's vitality. He was the last vestige of this damned lineage, selfishly having me and polluting a thousand generations after. But he had a failing heart. A weakness. A chink in his armor. It was an opportunity. A chance to... rewire the system. I did what had to be done, Benjamin. I grafted the sickness onto him. I took the rot from my own blood and forced it into his. I didn't cure myself. I... transferred the debt. I made him the tithe. He became the anchor, the sacrifice that kept the rest of us safe, that kept the land fertile, that kept the rot at bay."

The tape went silent for a long, agonizing moment. The only sound in the room was the relentless, soul-crushing thumping of the pump. I stared at the withered figure in the chair, my great-grandfather, and for the first time, I saw him not just as a victim, but as a cornerstone of a monstrous, cyclical horror. He was the foundation upon which my family's prosperity and damnation was built, a living tombstone marking the price of their survival. 

My grandfather's voice returned, now barely a whisper, a dry, papery rustle from the speaker.

"It worked. For forty years, it worked. The land has been good to us. We have been healthy. We have been... exempt. But the machine, the apparatus... it requires maintenance. The graft requires a... a steward. A caretaker to tend the old root. And my own sickness, the one I thought I had outrun, has returned. A different strain, perhaps. A final consequence. I am dying, Benjamin. I can no longer maintain the connection. The root is weakening." 

Out of the corner of my eye, I could have sworn a sudden jerk of movement came from my great-grandfather's chair. But when my eyes fully found him, he was perfectly, impossibly motionless—a waxwork figure draped in a dead man's suit.

My grandpa continued. "I left the cabin to you because you are the last. You are the eldest son of the eldest son. You are the only one who can inherit the debt. You are the only one with the blood-link that can sustain the graft. The inheritance wasn't a gift, Benjamin. It was a summons." 

My stomach turned, a cold, churning sickness that had nothing to do with the frigid air of the bunker. I wasn't just an heir. I was a replacement. A new cog in this diabolical machine.

"I know this is a terrible burden. I know it is a horror that no sane man should be asked to bear. But you have no choice. The mountain will not be denied. The debt must be paid. And if the old root fails, if the pump stops... the mountain rot will return with a vengeance."

He paused, and I could hear him breathing, a ragged, wet sound that spoke of failing lungs and a body consumed from within.

"This is something I have only recently begun to understand. The connection is deeper than I ever imagined. The link between the root and the heir is not just a matter of land and legacy. It is a... a symbiosis. A parasitic relationship, to be sure, but a bond nonetheless. His heart beats for you, Benjamin. The pump... it is not just keeping him alive. It is keeping us alive. The apparatus, the distillation, the graft... it has created a feedback loop. His life force is being siphoned, filtered through the land, and fed back to you, to the last scion of this cursed bloodline. He is the source, and you are the destination." 

My mind reeled, a spattering of pure, unadulterated terror. This wasn't just about avoiding a horrible disease. This was about... survival. A grotesque, parasitic survival.

"If the pump stops, Benjamin... if his heart stops... your own will follow. It will start to wilt away until you are a man no longer, a bastardized being controlled by the will of the mountain. This is my final, terrible discovery. The inheritance, the cabin, the land... it's not a trap. It's an anchor. His anchor, and yours. You are a hostage to your own blood, a prisoner in a game you never agreed to play. You cannot leave. You cannot let him die. Because if he does, you will die with him. It will claim you, Benjamin. I have seen what it does. It is not a peaceful death. It is a slow, agonizing dissolution, a melting away of the self until there is nothing left but a husk, a hollow shell for the mountain's hunger. I would not wish that on my worst enemy. And I certainly would not wish it on my own flesh and blood."

He paused for a moment. The longest moment I have ever felt. I could hear him breathing again, gurgle through the speakers. I could almost see him, hunched over the microphone, a ghost in a dying man's body, a puppet master pulling the strings from beyond the grave. 

"The maintenance," he continued, his voice now so faint I had to press the speaker to my ear to hear him. "The apparatus requires a weekly infusion of the distilled essence. The recipe is in the journal. The ingredients... they are specific. They are... difficult to procure. But they are necessary. The land provides, but it must be... persuaded. And the pump must be primed. The valves must be checked. The filters must be cleaned. He is weak, Benjamin. The root is failing. The connection is fragile. It is your responsibility now. Your destiny. Keep the pulse going, son. I'll be waiting for you when it stops." 

The tape ended with a sharp *click*, the sudden, jarring silence that followed more deafening than the thumping of the pump.

I was left in a state of pure, unadulterated shock, my mind a blank canvas splattered with the blood-red strokes of my grandfather's confession. I was a hostage to my own blood.

I looked at the figure in the chair, my great-grandfather, the "old root," the source of my family's twisted prosperity and my own impending doom. He was no longer a horrifying abstraction, a symbol of my grandfather's depravity. He was my lifeline. A grotesque, parasitic lifeline, but a lifeline nonetheless. His life was my life. His heart, beating through the iron fist of the pump, was the only thing keeping the mountain rot at bay. The only thing keeping me from a slow, agonizing dissolution. In my show of heedless, selfish desire to keep myself alive, I had to make sure he didn't die. 

To keep him in a state of perpetual, agonizing non-life. To ensure the continuous, rhythmic suffering of the last patriarch of my family. That was living. And living was now a weekly ritual of maintenance, a macabre dance of death and life, a delicate balancing act between the horrors of the basement and the whispers of the mountain. I was a prisoner, a hostage, a caretaker of a living corpse.

My mind recoiled from the thought, a visceral revulsion that was so potent it was a physical pain. I was going to become my grandfather. I was going to tend the old root, to maintain the apparatus, to perform the gruesome rituals necessary to keep this abomination functioning. I was going to be a monster.

But I had no choice.

The mountain rot. The wasting sickness. The thought of it, of my body slowly dissolving, of my mind melting into a hollow shell for the mountain's hunger, was a fear so profound it eclipsed all others. It was the fear of non-existence, of a slow, agonizing erasure of the self.

I would have to get more ingredients. I would have to learn to tame the land. But the pump was still working. And I was still alive. For now. I turned to the ladder, my mind poisoned by an undertow of terror and a strange, twisted sense of purpose. I had to get the journal. I had to find the recipe. The thumping was a constant, a reminder of my new reality. But as I reached the top of the ladder, I heard something from below. A familiar lamenting wail. It was a low, mournful sound, like the wind howling through a hollow log, but with a distinctly human quality, a note of pure, unadulterated suffering. I froze, my hand on the rung, my heart hammering in my chest. The wail seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at once, a disembodied weeping that filled the room, a cry of despair that was both the sound of the mountain and the sound of the man in the chair. I looked down, my flashlight beam cutting through the oppressive dark. The wail seemed to be coming from the figure in the chair, but it was not his throat. His mouth was a thin, bloodless line, a sealed tomb. In time with the crying-out, it was convulsing like a puppet with its strings snapped, limbs snapping into unnatural angles before slamming back down. I turned and climbed, leaving without another glance.

The thumping was a lie. A mechanical heartbeat to distract me from the real horror. The wail was the truth. The *true* sound of my inheritance.
Title: LA Airbnb left me scared for months

I read a lot of these, and thank you all for sharing your stories. I thought maybe I should share one I have.

This was back in June 2019. I (19F at the time) went to visit my best friend, we'll call her Kelly, at her college UCSC. A few of our hometown friends tagged along, and we stayed at her apartment for a day until our bigger trip down to LA. Us and her college friends rented a minivan and drove 6 hours down to West Hollywood. There were 7 total of us girls, and it was all going really well. Going to Malibu Beach, breakfast at the Belvedere Hotel, hiking to the Hollywood sign. Our first 2 nights were joyful, as well as our last until late in the night.

Before I go on, I'd like to give some description to the Airbnb. It was in a sketchy area, there was a shed (we weren't supposed to go in) in the backyard among overgrown plants, there was a high chainlink fencing surrounding the property, and you had to enter a padlock code at the driveway to get the key. It was one story, 3 bedrooms. There was a glass window front porch and that's where we'd hang out a lot and smoke weed (lol). The back porch was similar, but more beaten down. We kept both doors locked at all times and the driveway gate as well. I have the exact address (found it by street view on google maps), but I won't release that now.

Our last night, Saturday, we were hanging out on the front porch. What was so weird and a foreshadow we didn't see, is that while on the porch, we heard the padlock and chain jingling around down at the gate. There was all brush, so we couldn't see, but I remember we all retreated inside for a little bit, until we worked up the courage to go back out and finish the joint.

A bunch of us went to bed early figuring we had to be up early to drive back to SC. Some of them still needed to study for finals. I remember smoking and then heading to bed around 11:30PM. My other friend, we'll call her Gabby, was the last to go to bed around 1:30AM. Except for Kelly, she stayed awake talking to her crush on FaceTime.

I was sleeping for a while, until I was woken up by one of the girls in a frantic state. She was pleading with me to come out to the living room, that they think there is "something" in the house. I was honestly pissed at first, that they couldn't figure it out themselves and that they woke me up. I didn't know yet the desperation of the situation. I walked out into the living room and everyone was there except one other, who was sleeping. From the living room, you can't see the kitchen and that's also where the bathroom is. I sat on the couch and they all, simultaneously, were trying to tell me what was going on in whispers. Again, I was annoyed, so I said, "If you really think there's something going on, why don't you call the cops!!?" and then all of them told me to SHHH and I shut up.

It was for 5 seconds that I was quiet. And I heard movement in the kitchen. Almost like putting something in the sink or moving cups around? My heart dropped and I jumped off that couch so fast, in a manner I will never forget. I gathered all of the girls into one bedroom, went to wake up the last (she was so annoyed at me waking her up, I had to be a bit mean to get her the fuck up), and we took safety to the other bedroom. We put a chair under the door, me and another girl stood by it just listening and guarding. At this point we're a mix of fear pacing, crying, not being able to breathe, and going nonverbal. I was trembling. Kelly was on the phone with the cops.

Me and the other door guarder were talking about what happened. She said Kelly was still on FaceTime and started hearing things going on in the bathroom. Like drawers opening and our cosmetics being moved around. This was around 3:00AM. Kelly didn't remember me going to bed, and thought it was me, so she called out my name twice. This woke Gabby up, and Gabby came out asking what was going on. This caused the other girls to come out and check it out. I remember one of the girls told me she heard spoons rattling and her voice was shaking.

They thought it could be an animal, so they went by the open kitchen doorway and banged a water bottle against the frame and yelled, to scare it off. But obviously, that did nothing. That's when they came and woke me.

At this point, the cops are taking long of course and all girls are feeling different, wild emotions. There was a huge window in the bedroom and I just remember feeling so terrified that they'd climb in through there. The other door guard looked at me and whispered, "Wait, put your ear and listen,". I heard footsteps. I wanted to scream, cry, throw up. I whispered that we weren't going to share this at that particular moment.

The cops come, but they are not allowed to enter without us letting them in. This causes another huge problem and Kelly is fighting with the dispatcher on the phone. I'm asking if they could just come to the window, that we don't want to go out there. Eventually, the other door guard gains the courage and goes out to let the cops in.

Welp. I have had many experiences with cops, I live on a bad block, and this one I will remember. They were two females, you'd think they understand our fear. Not in the slightest. They said they "searched the home and saw nothing". They didn't ask questions, they weren't curious, they just wanted to leave. They kept glancing to the weed on the table! As if inferring it was all because we were high! Mind you, some of us weren't smokers and those of us who were, it was at 11PM! Weed has never affected me nor anyone I know like *this* before. We ask them if they searched the backyard, that there was a run down shed back there, and they were hesitant to do that for us. YALL DIDN'T SEARCH THAT IN THE FIRST PLACE?

They leave. And Kelly looks at us and goes, "I don't know about y'all, but there is no way I am sleeping here tonight and I want to leave right now," and we all immediately agreed. It was probably around 4:00AM at this point. We pack up our stuff and leave for a 6 hour drive to SC. During the drive, the sun rises, I text my parents, and Kelly is messaging the Airbnb host. When the host woke up, she was never helpful, and I honestly don't know much development on that.

We were in CA for 2 more days. I remember Gabby and I just hung out at the beach while the girls studied and took their finals, but it all felt so weird. It was the only thing we could *think* about, *talk* about. At one point, Kelly broke down crying because she was holding her strength for so long, trying to be the dominant one. It was so sad to watch and we all just group hugged her. It didn't feel real and our brains were just trying to come up with an explanation. Trying to piece it all together and make sense of it.

On the long ride back to SC, one of the girls was saying maybe it was something supernatural? That seems like such a far reach, regardless of how big a fan of ghosts I am. The most sensible explanation is that a homeless person broke in and enjoyed going through girls' belongings. Our noises and yells didn't scare them off because they were probably high. So often, I think, what if we just went into the kitchen? But if there was someone there, what the fuck would we have done? And then what if it was nothing? Just empty space?

This event took up my life for a while. I was so strict on all of the windows and doors being locked at night back at home. Checking 3 times. I was pleading with my dad to get a new, updated alarm system. I put a bat under my bed. Honestly, all of the stuff we, sadly, should already be doing. But that fear, the inability to fall asleep for months, I don't want that ever again.

Thank you for reading. I don't know who or what was in that house, but this experience caused me to buy and always bring my portable door lock to Airbnbs with me.
Title: I set up a camera in my room. What I saw still haunts me.

“She’s in my dreams again,” my wife gasped, stirring me awake.

It was 3 am.

For the past few weeks, my wife had been having the same nightmare: a pale woman would appear next to our bed and pull off the sheets. She’d point to our bodies and wave her index finger back and forth, whispering, “Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.”

I thought the dream was odd, but not out of bounds for a woman who binged horror movies, so I’d usually roll over, pull the blanket over my shoulder, and tell her to go back to sleep.

But this morning seemed different. There was something exact and final about her voice. It encouraged me to get up and see what was wrong.

“What is it?!” I rubbed the sleep from my eyes.

My wife stood at her side of the bed, wearing a horrified expression.

“Sweetie, what?”

She just pointed at the floor.

I got up, switched on the light, and made my way over until I came face to face with the area she had pointed to.

There at her feet was a pile of human hair.

*What on earth?!*

I did a double take. The hair on the left side of her head was missing, like someone had snipped it off with scissors.

“It happened while I was asleep,” she muttered.

I called the police. Drove us to her parents’ place. The thought that someone had broken into our home and harassed us made it impossible to sleep.

“I think it’s connected to my dreams,” my wife said.

“No way. It’s not real. It’s just a nightmare.”

The police didn’t know what had happened. I figured some psycho had broken into our home and given my wife a late-night haircut.

The frustrating thing was that there were no signs of a break-in. The only clue was the discarded remains of my wife’s hair, but that didn’t give the investigators any leads.

My wife later evened out the rest of her hair by removing the shoulder-length strands on the right side of her head. Now she had a shorter cut that ended at the middle of her neck. She was still beautiful. Just… different.

After the police reassured us that our house was safe, we returned and asked our “spiritual” friend to come and give it a once-over.

“I think it’s something spiritual,” she mused. “Sometimes evil entities cross over and cause panic.”

“You’re saying a demon cut my wife’s hair?”

“Maybe. I’ve heard stories about sprites tormenting beautiful women."

I was unconvinced but willing to accept anything, so I asked, “How do we get rid of it?”

“Try this.” She pulled out a small vial from her jacket. “Anointing oil. Sprinkle it on the doors and walls and any evil beings will be scared off.”

I dabbed a few drops on our front and back doors and outside walls. I felt stupid doing so, but I didn’t have any explanations for what had happened. I figured, *What do I have to lose?*

After our friend left, I put a camera in our bedroom. I assured my wife, “If anything turns up, we’ll catch it on film.”

***

What happened next is almost too difficult to believe. I’ll try to explain. If I hadn’t seen it on camera, I wouldn’t have believed it myself.

The strange experience started after we had fallen asleep at our usual time of 10 pm. A few hours later, my wife shook me awake: “Honey, I had that nightmare again!”

I felt anxiety prick at me. Our hair incident was only a few months prior. I clicked on the lamp and motioned to her, “I’ll stay up and keep an eye out. You relax and get some sleep.”

My wife laid back down and drifted off. I still wasn’t convinced if this was spiritual or not. Dreams aren’t real, right? They can't invade daily life. They’re just processes of our imagination.

I wondered if my wife had sleepwalked and cut off her own hair. I’d heard about people doing surreal things like that.

Regardless, I must've fallen asleep because I awoke to my wife's screaming. I staggered out of bed, in shock.

“Helen?!”

I turned the corner and found her in the bathroom, hyperventilating in front of the mirror: “Oh god! It happened again.”

I glanced up and noticed…

… her left eyebrow was missing.

“Something was hovering over me…” she groaned, tears streaming down her face. “And then… a sharp scraping against my skin. I can’t stay in this house any longer!”

She sprinted past me, snatched her keys from the glass bowl in our living room, and dashed outside.

I was too stunned to even react. I listened to the sound of her car drive further away.

*She’s going to her parents’ house,* I figured.

I steeled my resolve and remained inside. Determined to find the source of this mischief. I yanked a knife from the kitchen. Did an extensive tour of the home.

Just like last time, there wasn’t a single sign of a break-in.

***

I called the police. Told them everything. Mentioned how my wife was gone and that I was staying behind to find out who had invaded our home.

I informed them that I had a camera and was eager to hand over the footage to assist in their investigation.

But before they arrived, I wanted to see the footage myself. Check if something… or someone… had really snuck in and tormented us.

I opened the app on my computer. Fast-forwarded to the precise moment where my wife had stirred me awake.

There I was… exhausted… trying to reassure her.

I skipped ahead to where I had switched on the lamp and escorted her back to bed. Then, I watched myself stay awake for a few moments, then fall back asleep.

I sped on further until I saw…

… the woman.

She had appeared out of nowhere, lurking in the corner of our room. Even with my added lamp light, she seemed fuzzy, like the camera didn't want to focus on her.

Where she had come in from I couldn’t tell. But at exactly 2:23 am she had drifted to the foot of our bed. She was about five-foot-three and her body was of average build. She wore loose pajamas and had stringy hair covering her face.

Just like in my wife’s dream, she pulled off our sheets and examined our bodies. Like a studying physician, she placed a thumb on her chin and moved an index finger back and forth, *Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.*

I was so grossed out that I couldn’t watch it any longer. I leapt from my seat, vomited on the floor.

The thought of someone being in our home, watching us, was too much. It horrified me beyond belief and made me never want to sleep again.

But instead of giving in to the panic, I went back to my computer and rewound the clip several seconds.

I’d theorized that the woman had somehow climbed in through our window and snuck back out.

However, when I searched for the exact moment of her entry, I was surprised to see…

… no signs of her breaking in.

The woman had simply appeared in the room’s corner… like a wraith emerging from her tomb.

*It’s a harassing spirit.* My friend’s words echoed in my mind. But that would mean that this trespasser wasn’t real. She was an evil entity sent to harass my wife and me. But that wasn’t possible, right?

“No,” I said to myself. “It has to be an actual person. This woman has to be real.”

And then I heard it.

*Thump-thump-thump.*

An intense knocking from my bedroom closet. It was a loud series of bumps that sounded like someone was trying to break out.

*Thump-thump-thump.*

The noises sent an electrical charge through my body. The skin on my neck pimpled.

*Oh Jesus.* I glanced around for my phone. *Where are the police?*

I searched for my device, remembered, *I left it in the living room!*

I rose slowly and kept an eye on the closet as I ventured toward the hallway.

*Thump-thump-thump.*

The only comfort I felt was knowing that the police were on their way. I had told them, “There’s someone in my house!” They’d assured me they'd be there in minutes.

I just needed to make it outside. Then I’d be safe.

I rushed into the hall. The thumping from my closet growing louder. I reached the living room, scooped up my phone from the couch, and dipped my hand in the glass bowl by the front door.

My fingers fished for my keys and wallet, found nothing.

*Did my wife take my things as well?!*

“Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.”

The voice was soft and playful, like a child learning a nursery rhyme. But it was also detached, like a person who didn’t quite understand the meaning of their words.

I stepped back and swallowed every ounce of fear and turned, seeing…

… the woman from my wife’s nightmares. Skin so grey it resembled concrete. Her hair as dark as rotten leaves. And her eyes were the color of frozen fat, like the kind you see in a bowl of soup after leaving it in the fridge overnight.

In one hand she held my keys and wallet. In the other, she grasped a rusty straight razor.

“Catch a tiger by the toe…” She grinned. “Eeny, meeny, miny, moe!”

The woman dropped my things and leapt at me, moving with incredible speed.

*Oh God! Help me!*

I jumped back, petrified. Somehow, I managed to get my hand on the door and wrenched it open.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the gleam of her razor’s steel catch the moonlight. I flung myself into the yard, barely avoiding the attack.

As I tumbled into the grass, I heard a car door slam behind me. I peered up and saw…

…two police officers sprinting toward me.

*Thank God.* “Help! Please!” I pointed to the house. “She’s got a weapon!”

The officers, an older man and a younger woman, rushed past me.

The demonic woman just stood in the doorway, watching us, then stepped back inside and shut the door.

The younger officer did her best to stay calm as she hunched over me.

“Do you have a back door?”

“Yes. That way.”

The older officer circled around back. I heard him kick open the back door and sprint inside.

“Stay put,” the younger officer commanded me. She bolted to the front door and tried the knob.

“All clear!” Her partner's voice shouted over her shoulder-walkie.

I breathed a sigh of relief as the older officer cranked open the front door and allowed his partner inside. They came back out moments later, eyes clouded in mystery.

“She’s gone,” the younger officer said.

***

My wife and I couldn’t stay in our house after that. We moved in with her parents days later and brought most of our things over. Some of our items are still at our old place, but we refuse to go back.

What’s terrifying us now is my wife’s hair. It won't grow back. No matter what she does, the left side of her hair is still missing. And her eyebrow? It won’t regrow either. She has to use a fake brow to appear normal.

I just hope that the nightmares don’t start again. Part of me wonders if the woman is tied to our old place, or if she's somehow able to transfer to our new home.

Just last week, my mother-in-law woke up screaming in the middle of the night. I was so panicked. I hurried into the hallway to check on her. I stopped at her doorway and heard her and my father-in-law talking. She kept saying something about a pale child dancing in the corner of their room, singing, “Ring around the rosie, a pocket full of posies. Ashes, ashes, we all fall down.”
Title: Appalachian sprites (update)

I’ve seen the sprites ever since that day. They communicate with each other somehow, which means they all know what I did. There are only three that I see repeatedly, I’ve recorded descriptions and drawings for a few dozen of them at this point. The main three I see typically show themselves once every seven to ten days. I’ve given them names since they almost never get closer to me than thirty feet, also they’ve never spoken to me since I broke the pact. The one I see the most I refer to as Ourea in reference to the Greek goddess of mountains. The other two are usually together, I call them Asteria and Tethys. 

Ourea is always sporting a different body shape, sometimes she’s human and sometimes she’s not. I always know it’s her because of her morphing face of shifting rock. I see her the most, she hates me. Sometimes I’ll wake up to see her face staring into my window with the body of a mountain lion or other big cat as I leave for work. Sometimes she will stay outside my house preventing me from leaving, prowling back and forth in front of my camper. My call offs are getting more and more frequent, idk what she wants from me but I know it’s not good. I’ve watched her chase down my truck as I drive to work, I know she can catch me. It feels like she wants the chase, like she wants me to be scared. 

Asteria and Tethys visit less frequently but always leave a lasting impression. One time I woke up to my camper shaking due to what I thought was a storm. When I opened the door I nearly fell into the water and drowned. It took the coast guard six days to find me. Sometimes Asteria will cause me to hallucinate entire weeks of my life, when in reality it’s only been a few hours. The hallucinations are never memories and I live a very routine life so sometimes it takes a few days to realize It’s not real before I can find a way out of it. It’s always something small like finding leftovers I didn’t make or working with a coworker that’s supposed to be on vacation. Snapping out of them is always the worst, it takes sometime to figure out if what I’m experiencing is real or not.

There was one “Sprite” that I’ve only seen once, she was dressed in a black knee length dress. Her eyes were gone and simply had deep dark sockets and tears of blood, she stood in front of the door of my camper. I tried to scare her away with my car and by yelling but she never budged. I got out and walked up to her with a tire iron in my hand, I’m not sure what my plan was but I was ready to go home. Once I got within a few feet she unhinged her jaw and it dropped to mid chest. Saliva and chunks of flesh started to drip from her chin and tongue. She began doing what I could only describe as screaming, it shook my eardrums and made my head pound. As what felt like a jackhammer slammed into the back of my head I fell to my knees, and grabbed my ears. I blacked out after a few minutes and woke up on the asphalt a few hours later, I got checked out at the local hospital and lost 60% hearing in my left ear and 40% in my right permanently.

I move to another town every time I see another one, I’ve given up on relationships and friendships. Women either don’t believe me or freak out when they see it for themselves. Friends have cut me off, from what I heard the sprites would visit them too. I’ve yet to meet a sprite that’s kind or even willing to talk, I’m going to try and talk to Ourea the next time I see her. If she talks back I’ll let you guys know.
Title: The thing in the pipes won't just leave me alone.

The first note - just like the hundreds of notes that would follow it - was *completely* dry.

I shut off the faucet, dried my hands, briefly adjusted my tie in the mirror, and when I looked down, shit, there it was: a rolled-up square of loose-leaf paper, propped against the side of the drain, held tightly together by what appeared to be a strand of thin black thread or yarn. I pinched the end and dropped it in my palm. Dry as dust. Not an ounce of moisture on the damn thing. 

It didn't make much sense.

“Very funny...” I muttered, chuckling. The words simply reverberated around the empty men’s room.

I twisted my neck side to side - nobody.

I peeked under each stall, figuring I’d catch Tim squatting on a toilet, suppressing a wolfish giggle, but found no one.

It was a strange prank, undeniably, but that wouldn’t exactly be out of the norm at *Happy Harlot Advertising.* 

*They must have lobbed it into the basin when I was distracted...* \- I thought.

Did that explanation make sense? No, not at all. I mean, if that was the case, why didn’t I hear the hinges of the bathroom door creaking? Why didn’t I catch a glimpse of someone in the mirror? Or, better yet, a glimpse of the note flying through the air? 

But I ignored those nagging questions and tugged at the thread.

The note unfurled. I dragged my fingers across the paper. Whoever wrote it did so with force; so much force that they created tiny indents in the looseleaf.   

In jagged blue letters, it read: 

*“HE IS TRYING TO STEAL WHAT IS YOURS”* 

“Who? Tim?” I whispered.

My heart began to gallop. My thoughts grew feverish, imagining myself being fired for what felt like the millionth time. Visions of being replaced by Tim, a younger, smarter, more passionate version of myself: the inevitable upgrade. Pressure built along my skin. Hostile gravity threatened to crush me like a soda can disappearing under the wheel of a steamroller. 

I crumpled the note into a ball before it could do the same to me and launched it into a trash can. 

The thread, however, was harder to dispose of. Not only did it feel nice running between my fingertips, but, strangely, it made me feel safer in a way that's difficult to put to words. Same sort of safety you'd feel carrying around a lucky charm, I guess. I felt protected.

And as long as I ignored one final question, that sense of protection would remain firm.

*Why does this feel like hair...?*

I pocketed the strands and jogged out of the bathroom.

\- - - - -  

An hour later, Fox called my team to the boardroom for Tim’s presentation. I suffered through it with a pit in my stomach like I’d swallowed a cannonball. 

It was...good. 

No, that’s not true - his presentation was *great*. Genuinely remarkable. His proposal was innovative. His methodology was cost-effective. He sold it all with such zeal, such unshakable confidence. There was fire behind his eyes. 

That was his whole *schtick* \- passion. The man had convictions. He felt everything very deeply. 

*Must be nice.* 

I slumped back in my chair, faking a grin, toying with the hair in my pocket. When that wasn’t providing relief, I swapped to old reliable: my fidget ring. A mobile, spinnable band over a stationary inner band. A tactile outlet for my never-ending worry. 

Afterwards, Fox pulled me into his office and closed the door. 

“So - what’d you think? Pretty stellar work, no?” 

I paced around his office, avoiding eye contact, thumbing the hair in my pocket. Could Tim really be gunning for my position? It wasn’t the first time I had considered the possibility; the man’s a wolf. 

Every man’s a wolf. 

“Uh...Pete?” 

“Hmm?” I stalled my hectic pirouettes, unaware that Fox had sat down behind his desk. He gestured towards a nearby chair. 

I winced; lowering myself into the seat forced my hands out into the open. 

Reluctantly, I let go of the hair, spinning my fidget ring to compensate. A series of grinding *squeaks* emanated from my knuckle. Originally, the fixation was noiseless; time, friction, and inclement weather had rusted the bands to the point of musicality. I prayed the sound wasn’t bothering Fox. 

The CFO’s eyes narrowed. 

“Right! Right. You asked me about Tim's presentation..."

I trailed off, distracted. Jagged letters scribbled in blue ink rocketed to the front of my skull. 

*HE IS TRYING TO STEAL WHAT IS YOURS*

“I’m getting the sense that you have...concerns?” 

I paused.

Then, a lie tumbled from my lips. 

“Well...some of the imagery looked...borrowed.” 

Fox leaned forward. His shoulders tensed. 

“You believe his work was plagiarized?” 

I scratched the back of my head, contemplated the potential ramifications of doubling down for about a quarter of a second, then nodded. 

“Alright then. Thanks for being transparent with me, Pete.” Fox closed his eyes and threw his glasses onto the desk. A sigh billowed from his lips. As I stood up, every inch of my body began to tingle. Liquid stress seeped into my veins. My heart rate violently accelerated. 

*What the fuck did I just do?* 

The rest of the day devolved into a hazy panic. Didn’t get a shred of work done. Instead, I split my energy right down the middle: half went to avoiding Tim, half went to keeping myself from vomiting. When I arrived home a jittery mess, Arden was quick to wrap her slender arms around my aching shoulders.

“Oh, I’m sure they’ll understand,” she said, running a tender hand along my side. When my fiancé got dangerously close to my pocket, I slid my fingers between hers and gently guided her away. 

“You made an honest mistake. Nothing more, nothing less.” 

Sleep evaded me that night.

I tossed and turned, writhing well into the morning hours like a man possessed. Contingencies required planning; I needed to practice how I’d respond in every potential scenario. The lies had to be second nature so I could focus on controlling my body language. 

Much to my horror, I encountered Tim in the parking lot the following morning.

He stomped past me, face flushed the bright red of a bell pepper, twitching, mumbling under his breath as he wrenched his car door open. The man sped away and he never came back. 

Later, I learned that when Fox confronted him about his presentation, he completely flew off the handle. Screamed his innocence loud enough that the damn whole office heard it. Even went so far as to hurl a coffee mug in the CFO’s general direction. It’s unclear whether he *intended* to hit Fox or not. Regardless, he had to duck out of the way to avoided being pelted by it. The mug shattered against the wall, leaving a pile of ceramic shrapnel in its wake.

And that was that. 

Tim was fired on the spot. 

*Passion is as passion does, I guess.* 

At first, I was borderline euphoric with relief. Before long, however, that relief began to sour, and a certain unease trickled back into my skull. 

I was alone in the break room, rinsing flecks of caked-on lasagna from my Tupperware, helplessly lost in another mental labyrinth.

*Yes, objectively, it’s not completely my fault. If Tim had better control over his emotions, he’d likely still be working here. Still, I’m not blameless; I was the catalyst.* 

I only looked away for a moment. 

When I turned back, there it was, propped against the side of the drain, tied at the center by a strand of someone’s hair. 

Note number two. 

I plucked the dry scrap of paper from the basin and began unfurling it. 

*Then again, if he* ***was*** *trying to steal my job, my goddamned livelihood, then maybe a preemptive strike would be justifiable...ethically speaking...*

The hair was blond that time. 

\- - - - -

Over the next week, I decided the thing in the pipes needed a name. It's not that I was talking to Arden about it - God no - it’s more that names make things safe. 

*“Rattle”* seemed as good as any other. 

The more messages I opened, the more I received. The more I received, the more I was able to perceive the thing in the pipes. No matter where I was, I’d hear it: a dull, shaking rattle, like a pool ball clanking around the inside of a washing machine, radiating from the walls, or from the floor, or from deep within the earth. It wasn't continuous. If I heard the noise, that meant a delivery was imminent. 

Was the phenomenon disturbing? Seemingly impossible? Laughably absurd? Check, check, and check. 

But did I care? 

Not in the slightest. 

Rattle was helping me.

I likened them to a guardian angel, vigilant and steadfast, keeping an invisible eye peeled for the leeches and the predators that wished me harm, weeding the wolves from my company. 

I wasn’t *sure* that my sister was dead-set on convincing Mom to cut me out of her will. Granted, I had my suspicions, but I never had the evidence to prove it, not until Rattle came along. It was a similar situation with Calvin. Who would’ve guessed he had been calling me a hack and sell-out behind closed doors? I mean, I sort of did. The moment I left the band to focus on my career, his attitude towards me shifted 180 degrees. Cold, vacant stares. Forced smiles. Never sat next to me at the bar anymore. The changes were subtle, but they were there. I just needed proof, and the thing in the pipes was more than happy to oblige. 

Of course, Rattle wasn’t perfect: the notes often contained small clerical errors. For example, my sister’s name is “Meg”, not “Marge”. And the note about Calvin mentioned him despising me for leaving the “team”, when it should have said the “band”. Wasn’t a problem. In both cases, I knew what they were *intending* to say, and, far as I could tell, Rattle was right about those bastards every time, so what did it matter?

Months flew by.

During that time, Arden started growing distant. Strange glances from her side of the bed before she flicked the light off. Curt, loveless text messages. I feared the worst, but didn’t want to jump to conclusions. 

My fiancé was still at work when I heard a rattling below the floorboards that evening. 

I pushed myself from the couch, plodded into the kitchen, and stood over the kitchen sink. 

*Any second now.* 

There was a faint scent drifting through the air, one I had trouble placing. It was woody, but with a peculiar hint of sweetness. Eucalyptus with a drop of honey. Whatever the scent was, it didn’t raise any red flags. In fact, I found the phantasmal aromatherapy quite relaxing. As I waited, my finger stopped incessantly spinning my fidget ring, and the grinding *squeaks* stopped in turn. Silence blanketed our house. Even the muffled rattling had ceased. 

That silence didn’t last. 

Maybe if I had been paying attention, I would’ve noticed something was desperately wrong. 

*Did Arden really have to “stay late” at work tonight, or is that a cover? An alibi? Is she using again? Cheating on me? Could be both, no reason it couldn’t be -* 

A low, whirring clamor blared through the room. Cold metal cradled my wrist. Artificial wind pushed between my fingers, like the breeze from a fan cranked to its max settings.

My right hand was pressing into the drain. 

The garbage disposal was on. 

I leapt back, ripping my hand out. A searing pain exploded across my middle finger. Cereal boxes and cans of soup clattered against the floor as my shoulders slammed into the pantry shelves. Eventually, the discord settled. Excluding my labored breathing, the house was silent again; the whirring clamor had disappeared. Across the room, the switch for the disposal was in the “off” position. Never turned it on, never turned it off. A warm, slow ooze crawled down my middle finger. The alluring scent had been replaced with the sharp, metallic tang of exposed blood. 

Trembling, I examined my hand. 

A nickel-sized slice of skin had been cleanly excised from above my knuckle. The injury was superficial. No wound to sew back together; just a patch of raw, gushing tissue. I wrapped the finger with paper towels and crept over to the sink. 

A note was resting in the drain. The accompanying hair was silver and brittle. I opened it, surprised to find that there was a second note concealed inside the first. Rattle had never done that before. 

In jagged blue letters, the larger read: 

*ARDIN IS SLEEPING WITH HER BOSS*

In delicate black typography, that second, smaller one read: 

*It’s time, Pete. It’s time to come down here. It’s the only way I can truly protect you.* 

There was a flicker in my chest. A brief rebellion. An honest recognition of the outlandish situation I’d found myself in. Before that ember could bloom, however, it was snuffed out. 

A sweet, woody scent slithered up my nostrils. Eucalyptus and honey. 

My mind began to twist. 

*I can’t believe Arden is cheating on me...*

*- - - - -*

“Admit it! Just admit it!” I screamed. 

My fiancé ignored me. She continued to stumble around our bedroom, throwing handfuls of clothes into an open duffel bag, eyes red and glassy, cheeks coated with a sticky layer of dried tears. 

“There’s nothing to admit, Pete.” 

“Right, sure - then why the hell were you late?!” 

She swung around from her wardrobe and bellowed:

“Because we have a deadline, for Christ’s sake! I’ve told you this! I’ve told you this so - many - goddamn - times!” The screech of the closing zipper punctuated her appeal. She launched the bag out into the hallway and stomped past me. 

I paused the interrogation.

My consciousness felt divided, waging war with itself, each half intent on tearing the other limb from limb. Unequivocally, my body believed her. My marrow was on fire, screaming that I was making a mistake. My mind, however, would not yield. No plea would be enough. No evidence would be satisfactory. She was too perfect to have settled for me. Something had to be amiss. 

From behind me, I heard:

“Where the fuck is the Kindle charger, Pete?” Arden ripped open my nightstand’s bottom drawer. Normally, it required a key, but it was an old piece of furniture. In her rage, she’d pulled on the handle with enough force to break the aging lock altogether.

My righteous indignation evaporated. Waves of icy panic surged down my spine. 

She was looming over the drawer, rendered motionless by its contents. 

I kept the tufts of hair on one side and the notes on the other.

By that point, the drawer was nearly full. 

A bevy of useless half-words lurched over my tongue, none of which provided even a semblance of an explanation.

Eventually, I mustered something like: 

“I’ve been receiving...messages.” 

The only thing she said in response was: 

“But...this is your handwriting, Pete.” 

Arden slung the duffel bag over her shoulder and practically sprinted from our home. The front door slammed shut, and I was still in our bedroom. 

I was used to feeling relief after confronting people with what Rattle divulged to me, but that time was different. At that moment, alone in an empty house, I did not experience relief. 

I just felt hollow. 

The minutes that followed are a bit of a blur. 

I don’t think I passed out. Not fully, at least. I floated above my own body, but I couldn’t really see anything. Just shapes lumbering through a thick, blinding mist. I resigned myself. Embraced the detachment. I didn’t feel worth the trouble of it all: letting Rattle protect me was much, much easier. 

Then, it hit me. 

*What’s the point of protecting myself if I don’t think there’s anything worth protecting?* 

The paranoia untangled. The mist cleared. Painful remorse fell over me like a landslide. 

I peered down. 

I was in front of the sink. 

But the drain was triple the size it should’ve been. It nearly covered the whole basin. Thick globs of ash-colored fluid glistened around the quivering metal rim. Hundreds of thin, pearly needles lined the yawning cavity, jutting out from a material that had the color and consistency of velvet: crimson, plush, smooth.  

Rattle’s lips,

and Rattle’s mouth,

and Rattle’s teeth, 

and my right arm was elbow deep within the maw.

I attempted to yank myself out, but Rattle was too quick. 

The drain snapped shut, narrowing the exact diameter of my arm in the blink of an eye.

I screamed. 

Feebly tried to pull it out again, to no avail. 

Then, movement: 

The mouth began twisting. 

\- - - - -

The doctor was very interested in hearing how I managed to flay the majority of my right arm in such a spectacular fashion.  

Lying in the hospital bed, my stump wrapped in gauze, I informed her I’d be more than happy to explain, but she needed to answer one question for me first. The young woman nodded. 

I leaned forward and whispered:

“Behind me, in the wall, do you hear that?” 

The doctor let loose a nervous chuckle and assured me that sound was simply due to noisy plumbing. Initially, her response left me crestfallen, but then, without prompting, she added:

“I will say the noises in your particular room are a little...strange. Shrill. Scratchy… ”

“Almost like grinding metal?” 

She nodded again. I breathed a long, heavy sigh of relief. Best I figured, if she could hear it too - the fidget ring spinning inside the pipes in the walls - that meant I wasn't insane.

It also meant Rattle was still following me.

“Why do you ask? What do you think it is?” 

I laid back, flipped away from her, dragged the blanket over my head, and shut my eyes tight. 

[“A wolf.”](
Title: If You Broke Someone’s Heart, Pray They Forgot.

No one knew where the name came from.
People just started calling it The Void, because there wasn’t a better word. 
Nothingness felt too generic, and hell felt inaccurate. Hell implied punishment. The Void didn’t punish, it tested.

It always began the same way.

A couple went to sleep together, and one of them woke up alone.
The person left behind would wake in a room that wasn’t a room at all but an endless nothingness of beige motion, like sand caught mid-swirl, like the color you see when you close your eyes too hard and stare into the back of your own skull. No walls or ground you could sense. Nothingness.
Just movement with no direction, and a soundless pressure that made time feel thicker.

The ones who woke outside The Void always said the same thing too.
It felt like something had already decided for them.

Donnie didn’t panic at first.

That surprised Marge later, when she tried to explain it to people. She said he woke up confused but calm. Like someone who believed a misunderstanding would be cleared up with enough conversation.

“This isn’t right,” he told her through the portal the first time it opened. “This isn’t ethical.”
The portal appeared without warning, an oval thinning in the air between them, like fabric worn translucent. 
Donnie stood on one side, beige dust curling around his ankles. Marge stood in their bedroom, one hand still gripping the edge of the mattress in uncertain fear.
“I’m not dead,” Donnie said, voice steady. “You’re not God and can’t judge someone before they’re finished living. That’s not how it works…”
“I know,” Marge said.
She didn’t argue. That hurt more than if she had.
Donnie firmly, desperately, believed that The Void was a mistake.
But maybe it wouldn’t be all bad, he thought. “I’m not here alone…”

He’d seen her almost immediately. A shape in the distance, darker than the beige, moving against the current like she had weight. A girl, maybe. A woman. Someone human enough that his heart leapt when he noticed her.
He waved. She didn’t wave back, but she didn’t disappear either.
“See?” he told Marge. “I’m not alone. There are others. So maybe I’m here by mistake. They’ll figure this out.”

Marge swallowed.

She didn’t tell him that everyone else said the same thing at first.
That they always thought they saw someone.
The phenomenon didn’t discriminate by age, but the couples it chose tended to have history. Years and decades, sharing lives so deeply intertwined that betrayal didn’t always carry repercussions, but weight. Cheating was the most common offense. Lying came second. Sometimes it was something harder to define, emotional abandonment, quiet cruelty, a thousand small choices that added up to harm.

The rule of The Void revealed itself slowly, but once it was understood, it was always the same:
The other person was given a date and time.
A choice.

Donnie didn’t believe that part until Marge showed him the notification on her phone.
It appeared like a reminder text she hadn’t subscribed to. A simple text, no sender.

RETURN WINDOW:
Saturday, (DATE REDACTED) 11:30 a.m.
Failure to arrive will be considered FINAL.

“If you come back,” Donnie said, “what happens?”
Marge hesitated.
“They say… if I come back, you can come out.”
Donnie exhaled sharply. “Then that’s it. That’s the solution, just wait until then and get me the hell out of here.”
But there was another rule. 

One no one liked to say out loud.

You couldn’t force the release.
The person outside had to choose to return.
Love mattered. Trust mattered. The Void didn’t accept transactions made out of feelings of obligation alone.

That was why so many people never came back.

The first night was hard in The Void. The portal between The Void and the real world was opaque on his end.

The girl he thought he saw was nowhere in sight once he was alone.

One moment she was there, still distant, still indistinct, and the next she was gone, like The Void had erased the idea of her. Like it tricked him into believing he’d have some sort of companionship, as if he deserved it.
Donnie was spinning in his mind, dark static matter whipping faster around him, his voice echoing, as if swallowed before it could travel.
“That’s not fair,” he said.

Marge heard it through the portal, warped and thin. She could see him, if she wanted to, by summoning the portal via the link on her phone, but she had the option to allow him to see her. She chose to keep her presence unknown.

After a few days she stopped seeing him regularly. The thought of him begging her became too much to handle. She chose to just watch.
“This isn’t fair. You chose me for this, didn’t you? How could you do this?”

His words broke apart. He stopped finishing sentences.

“That’s not fair,” he repeated, softer now, like he was trying to convince something that didn’t listen.

Marge cried after that.
She cried because she loved him.
She cried because she remembered being young with him, because decades of shared life don’t evaporate just because trust fractures.

She cried because she was lonely.
And she cried because, deep down, she believed that if she didn’t go back for him, something would come for her eventually anyway. Karma, consequence, God, whatever name you gave it, she felt its breath on her neck.

Saturday came.

Marge returned.

The Void spit Donnie out.

He collapsed onto the bedroom floor, solid again, crying and laughing at once. The Void sealed behind them like it had never existed.
People said it was beautiful.
People said it was proof love could redeem.

But…I didn’t say anything.

I couldn’t stop thinking that Donnie had deserved to stay.

That The Void had been right.
That Marge had confused compassion with justice.

I said it too many times. At family gatherings. In hushed conversations. Once, too loudly.
“He cheated,” I said. “Why does he deserve to come back?” 
We’d known Marge and Donnie for years. My grandparents church friends. We’d known they had their problems, and Marge couldn’t leave so we supported her the best way we could. This felt like just desserts.

People told me I was being cruel.
Donnie avoided my eyes at ever Sunday dinner. 
I wish I had just stopped talking.
Because The Void doesn’t disappear when it’s done with someone.
When a person leaves The Void, they’re given something else.

A submission.

The rules came out slowly, like an infection.

If someone escaped, they could anonymously submit another person into the system. 
The Void would pair them with the person who had loved them most and been wronged by them.
Love was the key.
Not current love. Not forgiveness.
But the deepest imprint.
The Void didn’t care how much time had passed.

Mine came on a Tuesday afternoon.

My phone buzzed while I was standing in line at a grocery store, staring at nothing. 
I almost ignored it.
Almost.

VOID PAIRING CONFIRMED.
PARTNER: Sabrina.

I dropped my phone.
I started shaking before I understood why.
Sabrina.
We were young. We were stupid. We were real in the way only first loves are real, messy, blinding, precious. She loved me more purely than anyone ever has.
And I took her for granted.

I didn’t cheat. Not like Donnie. 
That almost made it worse. I was careless. Dismissive. I assumed she’d always be there, waiting for me to decide she mattered.
By the time I realized what I had lost, she was already gone.

I screamed.

I screamed that I wouldn’t go. That I refused. That they couldn’t make me.
Because I knew the rule that mattered most.
The person outside has to choose to come back.

And I didn’t know if Sabrina loved me anymore.
So here I am, waiting for The Void to devour me. I know I won’t be coming out once I go in.

The Void doesn’t care if you’ve changed.
It only cares what love remembers.
I don’t know how much time I have.
People think The Void is rare. 
It’s not. 
It’s just waiting and listening.
People aren’t playthings. Hearts aren’t toys. Love isn’t a game. 

Check your phones. If you see a name you don’t remember, or worse, one you do, don’t ignore it.

If you ever hurt someone who loved you, really loved you, pray they forgot.

Because The Void hasn’t.
Title: I Was Too Depressed to Leave My Apartment. Then My Parents Sent Me a Christmas Gift.

“Dad, what is this package?” I asked into the phone, staring angrily at the large wooden crate sitting in the middle of my living room.

“Well… you know… it’s supposed to help,” he said hesitantly. “How should I put it… with your problem.”

I rubbed my eyes hard, already exhausted. My dad kept talking, stumbling over his words, trying to explain how this thing was supposed to improve my depression.

“Dad…” I tried to cut in, but by then my mom had joined the call too. “I don’t need this crap. We already talked about this.”

“I know, Pete,” my dad said quickly. “But this might actually help! I read about it in the paper. They specialize in people like you.”

“People like me?” I shot back coldly. “You mean crazy people?”

“Oh, Pete, don’t say that,” my mom said softly. “You’re not crazy… you’re just not feeling well right now. We know that.”

“Yeah,” I muttered. “Mom, Dad, I think I should go now. I’m really not in the mood for this.”

“Wait—wait, Pete,” my mom said urgently. “What if… what if you came home for Christmas? It’s only two days away. Christmas Eve is coming up… You wouldn’t have to be alone.”

I walked over to the window. The curtains were drawn, like always. I pulled them aside just enough to look outside.
Everything was gray. Dark. Cold winter weather.

“I don’t think so, Mom,” I said flatly. “But please… have that thing picked up. I don’t want it. Bye.”

I hung up.
I know it was a shitty way to act, but I just couldn’t do it. I’d been like this for almost six months. One day, it just hit me—I didn’t want to do anything anymore.
I couldn’t go to work. I didn’t want to talk to anyone. I didn’t want to see anyone.
And eventually, it got worse.
I stopped leaving my apartment altogether. It’s been almost two months now.
Every day, I just sit here inside…
drifting around my own life like I’m not really part of it anymore.

I dropped onto my couch.
The sunken spot where I’d been spending most of my days lately.
The TV was on, like always. I wasn’t really watching it. I just knew it was there—programs flickering, scenes changing—while I stared straight through it, not actually processing any of it.
My phone lit up again. It was a text from my dad.

“The courier can’t pick the package back up until next week.”

“Great…” I muttered.

I glanced at the crate.

They’d left it right in the middle of my living room, exactly where it was in the way of everything. I didn’t recognize the delivery service, and honestly, I didn’t care. I hadn’t even wanted to accept it—but of course, the food delivery guy showed up at the exact same time, and I signed for everything without really thinking.

And now it was here.

I just sat there, staring at the tall wooden crate. I don’t even know why it bothered me so much. My living room was already a mess—trash everywhere, empty boxes, dirty clothes—but somehow this thing completely threw off the whole picture.
I kept staring at the TV. That was basically my plan for the rest of the day anyway.

Then something slammed—hard.
Over the dull background noise of the TV, it sounded like a gunshot going off in my living room. I jumped to my feet, my heart skipping a beat.

I looked around, nothing unusual at first… and then I saw it.

One of the metal rivets had shot out of the crate. The lid was partially shifted, like something inside had shoved it.

“What the hell…?” I muttered, shuffling closer. The lethargy I’d been stuck in for days made even those few steps feel like exhausting physical labor.

I pressed my hand against the loose lid. The frame was cracked where the rivet had blown out.

I thought about thermal expansion. Or poor construction. Anything, really.
But was it actually that cold outside?

“Ah, damn it…” I sighed. “I hope Dad gets his money back.”

Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted the rivet. It was embedded in the wall.
Half-buried in the drywall, like it had been fired from a nail gun.
I walked over, kicked aside a pizza box, and leaned in closer. The rivet was lodged deep.
I shook my head. Of course this would happen at a time when I barely had the energy to exist.
Then there was another loud crack. This time, the lid split completely open.

“You gotta be kidding me…” I muttered. “Go ahead. Try to scare me.”

I shuffled back to the crate. Somehow, this was the biggest effort I’d made all week, which felt almost ironic. I slid the shifted lid aside and peered through the opening.
For a second, I didn’t understand what I was looking at.
Then it clicked.
My dad had been completely ripped off. 
The crate was empty.

I slumped back onto the couch.

I wanted to call my dad and tell him that whatever they’d supposedly picked out specifically to help me didn’t even exist—but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it.
I didn’t feel like talking to them. I didn’t feel like doing anything.
I just wanted to sit. 
To exist. To not think.

So I kept sitting there, staring at the TV with my brain switched off. Shows blurred into each other while I sank deeper and deeper into the couch. It felt like my body was slowly melting into it. It didn’t take long before sleep pulled me under.

“Pete… Pete, wake up.”

A soft voice. Somewhere far away. Half a dream.

“Pete. Santa’s almost here. Wake up.”

My eyes snapped open.

For a second, I just sat there, disoriented. It was a strange dream—especially since I hadn’t been dreaming at all lately. The apartment was still dark. The TV was still blasting the same mindless shows at the same volume, like it hadn’t changed scenes in hours.
The crate was still in the middle of the living room.

But the lid had completely slid off. It was lying on the floor.
I slowly pushed myself up. At least I could still manage the bathroom. I hadn’t had the energy to shower in weeks, but somehow I always made it to the toilet.
When I reached the bathroom door, I grabbed the handle.

It didn’t move. I pushed harder. Nothing.

“What the fuck?” I muttered, staring at the door.

I yanked on the handle again, like I was only just realizing something was wrong. The lock didn’t click. It didn’t resist. It didn’t jam.
It just wouldn’t open.

I shook my head, confused. I probably locked it earlier and just don’t remember, I thought. Or maybe I imagined the whole thing. Time had been bleeding together for days now.
But when I turned back toward the living room, Everything changed.
I wasn’t standing in the living room anymore. I was already inside the bathroom.

The door was behind me—the same door that wouldn’t let me in a second ago. And in front of me, impossibly, was the exit back into the living room.
Like someone had swapped out the stage set around me.
Instantly. Without any transition.
I looked around in panic. My dark, exhausted eyes couldn’t make sense of what I was seeing.

I think I was actually starting to lose my mind.

I peed and, with this empty, numb feeling, somehow accepted the fact that I had… teleported into the bathroom.

Or maybe my brain had just skipped a beat. Maybe I’d walked in here and simply didn’t remember it. That kind of thing wasn’t exactly rare for me anymore.

I expected the door not to open on the way out either.

But the moment I pressed the handle, the lock clicked open like it always had. What I walked back into, though, wasn’t my living room.
All the trash that had been piling up for months—pizza boxes, empty bottles, garbage bags, clothes, scraps of packaging—had been stacked into a single grotesque tower. Like someone had gathered it all deliberately and arranged it with care. The pile nearly reached the ceiling.
A half-collapsed, reeking pizza box sat on top of it. Like a disgusting Christmas tree topper.

“What the fuck…?” I whispered, staring at the trash-tree in disbelief.

I hadn’t even finished processing that when I noticed something else. The TV—which had been talking nonstop for months—was now nothing but static.
That constant white noise. The kind that had always been tied to nightmares when I was a kid.
I moved closer, slowly. The image was completely distorted. Colors bleeding into each other. Shapes warped and wrong.
And yet, I could still tell what was playing.
Home Alone. Only it looked like the movie itself was melting.
Then something shifted in the corner of my vision.

I froze. My bedroom door was open.
And inside the darkness… something was standing there. Right in the doorway. Positioned so the shadows still swallowed it, but not enough to hide its outline.
And then I saw the eyes.

Two greenish, button-like points of light. Locked onto me.
Unblinking. Perfectly still. It stared at me in silence. Like it had always been there.
The air caught in my chest.

“Who are you?” I asked, my voice shaking. “What are you doing in my apartment?”

The dark figure didn’t answer.
Its tall silhouette just stared at me, completely motionless, like it couldn’t even hear my voice. The static from the TV seemed to grow louder. My heart was pounding in my chest.

“Can’t you hear me?” I swallowed hard. “How did you get in here? I’m calling the police if you don’t leave.”

I reached out blindly, feeling along the wall for the light switch in the dim glow of the TV. When I finally found it, I slammed it down almost instinctively, panic taking over.
And then two things happened at once. First—the lights actually turned on.
That alone surprised me. I would’ve sworn I hadn’t used them in months.

Second… The figure was gone.
Not just it.

The trash Christmas tree in the corner vanished too, like it had never been there. The TV image snapped back to normal, the static cut out, and Kevin McCallister’s voice came through the speakers clearly.

“What the fuck was that…?” I muttered, rubbing my eyes and talking to myself. “Am I really losing my mind?”

I cautiously peeked into the bedroom.
There was nothing there. No one. The room stared back at me, empty. Just the tangled bed and the wrinkled, overused blanket. I collapsed onto the bed.
I stared at the ceiling, and before I could put together a single coherent thought, sleep took me.

When I opened my eyes, it was morning.

Sunlight filtered weakly through the curtains. The light in the living room was still on. I must have left it that way overnight.

I stumbled out of the bedroom and looked around, confused. Not just the trash tower was gone.
Everything was gone.

In place of my filthy, garbage-filled mess was a clean, neat, almost cozy apartment. Like someone had spent days doing nothing but cleaning. Like it didn’t belong to me anymore.

I rubbed my eyes and wandered into the kitchen. I made coffee.
No matter how much I hated everything, I never skipped my morning coffee. Then, like I’d completed some important task, I dropped onto the couch. Same as always.
Time for another day of nothing.

I don’t know how long I sat there. I just stared at the TV. I didn’t care what was on. It was enough. I didn’t want to think. I didn’t want anything.

Until the TV suddenly shut off.

“What the hell?” I frowned.

I started looking for the remote, but it was like it had vanished. I couldn’t find it anywhere. I stood in the middle of the living room, hands on my hips, turning in circles in frustration.

That’s when I noticed the curtain had been pulled aside. The windowsill was visible.
And there it was—outside, beyond the glass—resting peacefully.
The TV remote. I trudged over, irritated, grabbed the curtain to pull it back, and it ripped free.

Not just fell.

Like someone had torn it straight out of the wall. The rod and the curtain crashed down in front of me, nearly giving me a heart attack.

“God damn it!” I shouted.

I barely managed to jump out of the way. I stared at the holes in the wall where the rod had been seconds earlier.

“You know what…” I muttered, kicking the pile of fabric aside. “Fuck this.”

I turned and headed back toward the bedroom, angry and exhausted. I had absolutely zero desire—none—to deal with any more of this weird shit. I was going to crawl into bed and rot there. But as I started walking, something changed.
The sun was still shining in through the window behind me… but it was being blocked.
By something rising up, swallowing the light. I turned around.

The fallen curtain was lifting.

Pointed at the top. Like someone was standing beneath it.
A shape began to form.

The curtain rose higher and higher. I couldn’t move. My throat tightened, air barely making it into my lungs. I backed away until I hit the bedroom doorway. The curtain was almost brushing the ceiling now. The bottom barely touched the floor.
Then it stopped.

I stood there shaking. Cold ran down my spine. The curtain hovered in place. Completely still.

For a moment, it felt like everything had frozen.
I locked eyes with my own curtain. Then it lunged at me.
I didn’t think. Instinct took over. I jumped into the bedroom, slammed the door shut, and threw my full weight against it.
A soft thump hit the door. Like someone had just tossed the curtain against it.

I braced myself there, mouth dry, waiting.
Nothing. Silence. Calm.

I didn’t dare open the door. I pressed my ear against it, listening. And then something slammed into the door, hard.
Into me.

I flew backward, crashing into the wall. The door exploded out of its frame. The last thing I saw before everything went black, was sunlight pouring into the living room.

I came to slowly.

I was lying on the floor of my bedroom, my back against the wall. It had gotten dark while I was out. Even so, I could clearly see that the door leading into the living room was gone.

Not open. Gone.
Its broken pieces were scattered across the floor, like something had blasted straight through it.
I struggled to my feet, my head still swimming, and only then did I really start to process what had happened. I looked around in panic, searching for the curtain-shaped thing. There was nothing there.
My curtain lay crumpled in the living room, harmless fabric again. I stepped out carefully, half-expecting something to jump at me—but nothing did.

Everything looked exactly like it had that morning.

The apartment was clean. Organized. And completely empty, except for me.

I hurried into the kitchen to get some water. But the moment I stepped inside, my heart nearly stopped. The refrigerator was open.
I approached it slowly, terrified that something would leap out. My hand was shaking as I looked inside.

The fridge was almost as empty as it always was. Almost.
There was one thing inside. A gingerbread house.

It sat on a small plate, carefully placed. White and pale-purple icing covered the roof, forming my mom’s initials. Exactly like the ones she used to make when I was a kid. Every single Christmas.

But… how was this here now?
I slammed the fridge door shut. I was really starting to get sick of all this weird shit.

I sat down on the couch again.

The TV wasn’t working at all now. I didn’t even bother looking for the remote anymore. I had no idea what was happening in my apartment, whether I’d completely lost my mind… or something far worse was going on.
That’s when my eyes drifted back to the wooden crate.

The empty box was still there in the living room, pushed neatly against the wall, like it had always belonged there.

“This piece of shit is still here…” I muttered to myself.

“Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells…”

A strange voice started singing softly. It was coming from the crate.
Someone was singing inside it.
The voice was rough and raspy—like a very old man… or someone who’d never really learned how to speak properly.

“What the fuck is this…?” I whispered, frozen.

Then two black hands rose up out of the crate. They grabbed the edge, like whatever was inside was struggling to pull itself out.

“Oh what fun it is to ride…” the voice continued.

A dark, thin shadow slowly lifted itself out of the crate. Its green eyes glowed in the dim light.
And it kept singing. It was singing the Christmas song.
My heart was racing. I thought I was about to pass out right there.
And then, as if this still wasn’t enough. My phone started ringing on the couch.
I didn’t think. I grabbed it and ran for the bathroom.

“Dashing through the snow…” the shadow croaked behind me as it climbed out of the crate.

I burst into the bathroom, slammed the door shut, and locked it. I flipped on the light instantly, and panic took over—I dove into the bathtub.

I was gripping my phone so hard I thought it might crack. And only then did I look at the screen.
Dad was calling.

“Dad!” I shouted into the phone. “What is this crate? What did you send me?!”

“Oh, Pete…” my dad said, surprised. “I didn’t think you’d answer. I just wanted to wish you a Merry Christmas…”

“Okay, fine,” I snapped. “There’s someone here, Dad! I need help!”

That’s when something started pounding on the bathroom door. Not knocking.
Pounding—like fists slamming into it. The whole room shook.

“Dad, listen to me—this is really bad,” I was almost screaming now. “What did you buy me?!”

“Well… a gift, Pete,” he said calmly. “That’s your Christmas present.”

“What?!” I stammered. “Where did you even get something like that?!”

“Ho. Ho. Ho.”

The voice came through the phone. It wasn’t my dad.

“What the hell was that?” I asked, terrified.

“Oh, that’s great, Pete,” my dad said cheerfully. “Santa’s here. He just arrived. Come say hello.”

“Ho. Ho. Ho, Pete,” someone said, taking the phone. “It’s Christmas, for fuck’s sake. Don’t be such a coward. Get out of the tub and celebrate.”

“What the fuck is happening?!” I screamed.

“Ho. Ho. Ho…” the voice laughed.

I hung up.
This was all insanity. Something was still slamming against the bathroom door—but the worst part came next.

“Ho. Ho. Ho.”

The same voice. But now it was inside the bathroom. Coming from the closet.

“Ho. Ho. Ho…” it grew louder.

Cold sweat ran down my neck. My head was ringing. The sounds blurred together. I was panicking. I had no other choice.
I climbed out of the tub and rushed to the window. The fire escape was right there. My only chance. I pulled the curtain aside, and something was standing outside.

It was big. Brown. Flat.

I squinted into the darkness, and my stomach dropped when I realized what it was.
A gingerbread man stood on the fire escape.
As tall as me. And it was waving.
I yanked the curtain shut.

“Ho. Ho. Ho! I’m right here, Pete!” the stupid Santa voice called from the closet.

“Go fuck yourselves!” I screamed, and lunged for the bathroom door.

I ripped it open and burst out. The living room was empty. The black, singing shadow was gone.
For a second, I didn’t even know where to run. Then it started.
Bells.
Small bells, like a thousand of them ringing at once.
Carol of the Bells screamed from every direction. I could feel it pounding in my chest. My head went numb.

“Shut up!” I yelled, dropping to the floor and clamping my hands over my ears.

That’s when something jumped onto my back.
Like a sack being thrown over me. A bony, clawed hand twisted my arm behind me, while the other dug deep into my skull.
I screamed.

“It’s Christmas, Pete,” the black shadow whispered into my ear. I caught a glimpse of its emerald-green eyes at the edge of my vision.

“Get the fuck off me!” I choked, thrashing with everything I had.

The thing let go.
I threw myself forward. Crawled. Slid. Scrambled toward the front door. I was gasping like a wounded animal. I could feel blood running down my head, but the bells were still screaming.

I reached the door and threw it open. The lock gave way.

I ran.

Down the hallway. Down the stairs. I slipped, fell down a few steps, smashed my arm into the railing—but I didn’t care. I just needed to get out.
I burst out of the building. The old wooden gate flew open. I jumped the last few steps.
I was gasping for air. I leaned against the roof of my car, hands shaking.

The street was empty.
Lights were on in the surrounding apartments. Inside, people were celebrating. The cold air turned my breath into white clouds.
That’s when I noticed it.

Snow.
It was everywhere.
I felt cold flakes melting on my head. I looked up into the night and watched the snowfall grow thicker. I hadn’t seen snow in a long time.
It was beautiful.

Out here.
In the open.
Title: The Quiet Stretch (Part 1)

*I’ve been a long-haul trucker for years, and I wouldn’t be writing this if I hadn’t made it back. Some roads don’t behave the way they should...*

---

Being a trucker was never something I considered. But in those days, I couldn’t find a decent job with decent pay, and I had planned on doing it only for a few months before moving on to something better.

When I commenced, the routes were different each time. I was frequently assigned jobs that led to new locations, never the same ones twice. I was often labelled the human GPS, because I could remember long-distance routes with extreme precision, exact spots where the dividers were slightly broken, the exact number of gas stations along the way, exact tyre repair centres. You name it.

That was what I consider the golden time, because that was when I met Martin. He helped me a lot during my initiation as a trucker, especially when I was still learning the rhythms of the road and the unspoken rules that came with the job.

Martin was full of life and always cheerful. 
For every problem, he had a solution, and you could spot his smile from yards away.
Sometimes we’d happen to meet on a route, park our trucks nearby, and talk for hours about nothing in particular.
Cigarettes were his weakness. If he ever caught you smoking, he’d snatch one away and take enough puffs to leave you with nothing. That was the only thing I hated about him, though even that was in a friendly way.

Lately, I had been assigned a job transporting vehicles to the same location twice in a row. Since I was never a troublemaker, and I almost always gave my hundred percent, I was trusted more than most others. Martin was trusted just as much, which made things easier when we needed favors.

During my first time on that route, after paying the toll, I noticed something strange in the rear-view mirror. There was a brief flicker, as if something had flashed behind me, but I couldn’t see what it was. 

My eyes were mostly fixed on the road ahead, and I eventually shrugged it off as some kind of mirage.

The highway was surrounded by forest, with no restaurants, local shops, or even mobile towers nearby. To break the silence, I used to honk there, following the exact pattern of a song I loved. The isolation made the route uncomfortable, and Martin would often step in for me when he could. We’d exchange tasks whenever possible, and he had a habit of doing so before things went wrong, almost as if he sensed trouble ahead of time.

That time, Martin took the burden as usual. He said calmly that I didn’t need to worry and that he’d take the route for me, joking that I should keep the cigarette packets ready in the glove box. He laughed as he said it, like it was just another minor inconvenience.

It was a task exchange like the ones we had done before. I took his assignment instead, the one that involved going into the city, delivering a few goods, and returning without much hassle. It was easy work, and I didn’t think much of it at the time. It was the last time we exchanged tasks.

The next time I was assigned the same route Martin had been covering for me, I called him to ask if he wanted to swap again. He didn’t answer the phone, and when I tried later, it rang without response.
Around the same time, the company owner found out about our exchanges and immediately imposed strict restrictions on swapping assigned routes.

That made it my third time on the same stretch of highway. After a three-week halt between assignments, something felt off, though I hadn’t noticed it earlier. The trouble wasn’t just that I disliked the route; it was that things kept happening there that never happened anywhere else. Minor injuries, the kind you dismiss at first. Once, after setting the handbrake near the toll, I stepped down to grab my tools and the truck rolled forward anyway, crushing my foot before stopping on its own. Another time, the rear-view mirror cracked without impact, and a shard flew loose and struck my cheek, missing my eye by inches. I wrote it all off as fatigue, bad luck, coincidence, anything but the road itself. Perhaps I had been too anxious about finishing the job on time to pay attention to anything else.

There was a toll plaza on that route that I don’t wish to name. To an ordinary, worn-out driver, there was nothing strange about it at first glance. The wrongness was subtle and easy to miss, and it usually took at least two trips along the same route before anyone noticed anything unusual. 

Even then, most people wouldn’t, because whatever happened there wasn’t timed or predictable. It simply occurred when it wanted to.

The highway itself was mostly empty, and you could go minutes without seeing another vehicle. While the road was only four lanes wide, the toll plaza stretched across six lanes, wider than it had any reason to be. By the time you reached it, you were usually too eager to pay and drive off to waste time noticing details.

The problem was Lane 7. Sometimes it didn’t exist at all, and sometimes it did. It shouldn’t have existed on a six-lane toll plaza, and when it appeared, it formed right next to the sixth lane.

I was heading back towards home when I noticed it again. I had already driven past the toll plaza and was roughly two hundred meters away when I saw it in the rear-view mirror. Lane 7 was flickering, carving a way for itself where there had been nothing before, and the road beneath me began to hum in a way I could feel through the tyres and into my chest. Lane 4 flickered briefly as well before returning to normal.
I pulled the truck over and stopped.

Another truck approached the toll plaza on Lane 4, the same lane that had flickered moments ago in unison with Lane 7. From where I was, I noticed that the toll attendants didn’t seem to move, though I was too far away to be certain. As the truck drew closer, Lane 7 flickered once more before vanishing. I never saw the truck from Lane 4 pass through the toll. It was just there, static. I thought maybe the truck driver had been stopped for some violation.

That was the second time I noticed Lane 7, and I tried to blame it on exhaustion. I wanted to prove myself wrong, because it would have been easier to believe I was imagining things. That was also why I never mentioned it to Martin. I didn’t want to sound insane, and I was certain a carefree person like him wouldn’t believe me without proof.

The next time, it was raining heavily. I halted the truck at a lay-by and lit a cigarette before approaching the toll booth, deciding that I wanted to see what would happen if I paid attention. As I drove toward the third lane, the road began to hum again, subdued, but unmistakable.

That was when I saw Lane 7 come into existence out of nowhere. It appeared like a flickering tube light struggling to turn on, flashing a few times before stabilizing completely. It hadn’t been there moments earlier, just six ordinary lanes, and now a seventh stood beside the sixth, solid and undeniably wrong. I wanted to leave immediately, so I pushed the accelerator and entered the booth area of Lane 3.

At that exact moment, Lane 3 flickered in unison. The moment I entered, everything froze around me. The booth attendants froze mid-motion. I stared through the windshield and saw the rain droplets stop, suspended in place. All I could faintly move were my eyelids, while my vision began to fade.

Before time resumed, something crushed inward inside my head, dense and soundless pressure that left me blind with pain for a heartbeat too long. When the world moved again, there was no trace of it left behind. Only silence that felt deliberate.

Then everything moved again, and I entered an empty highway.

[Part Two](
Title: Keep Your Lights On

I closed my door and flipped the light switch.

Darkness.

After a long day, it was finally time to get some sleep.

I knew the layout of my bedroom by heart, so I blindly walked over to where my bed should have been and collapsed onto it.

I fell onto the carpet.

The fall was so unexpected that I almost landed on my face—I barely reacted in time to put out my hands.

Suddenly filled with adrenaline from the fall, I jumped to my feet and stumbled backwards.

*What...?*

Where was my bed?

Disoriented and panicking, I reached backwards to find my dresser. If I touched that, I could find my way back to the light switch.

My dresser wasn't there, either.

I swung around, reaching for something—anything—but found nothing. That was impossible; my room had furniture near almost every wall.

My room was empty.

Confused beyond belief, and definitely not dreaming, I carefully shuffled to a wall and started running my hands along it.

Soon, I found the door. I reached next to it for the light switch.

The light switch wasn't there.

*What the hell is happening?*

Determined to find answers, I opened the door and stepped out. I'd turn on the hallway light and figure this out.

I walked out onto the laminate floor and left the door open behind me. The light switch was at the far end, so I hugged the left wall as I felt my way forward.

There was a foul smell in the hall, almost like rotten eggs. I tried not to gag as I shuffled along.

I was almost to where I remembered the corner being—where the light switch was—when suddenly I was pressing against a solid wall.

The hallway was now a dead end.

Now I was freaking out. I crouched down against the wall and tried to control my breathing.

I couldn't see. I was in my underwear. In the dark. In some unknown place. It was all happening too fast.

I sat there for a minute, collecting myself.

After I had mostly regained control, I stood up. My best option was to go back to my room and check the rest of the walls more thoroughly.

I hugged the opposite side of the hall as I made my way back, making sure I didn't miss anything.

The smell was getting stronger.

Suddenly, I slipped on something wet and fell forward—landing on a huge pile of something squishy.

The smell was coming from this pile, and I quickly jumped back, disgusted. It was some kind of wet trash, and it had gotten on me. I retched and shook my arms to flick it off.

From my room—down the hall—I heard a door creak open.

*There was another door in my room?*

"Honey?" a voice called.

A chill went down my spine and I froze.

That voice sounded exactly like my mother.

My mother, *who had been dead for ten years.*

"Honey?" the voice repeated. "Where are you?"

I didn't dare respond. That was not my mother. Fear crept in.

"Are you okay?" the voice asked.

It was getting louder, closer to the hallway.

I stood still. My thoughts were racing and my body was paralyzed.

"Are you out here, honey?" it asked.

Something entered the hall.

I heard a series of small clicking noises on the laminate floor as the thing slowly made its way toward me.

"Honey, come out," the voice said.

Horror seized me. The huge pile of trash was the only thing between me and whatever was coming.

I was so afraid I didn't even think—I stepped up onto the pile and tried to hide myself in it. Getting filthy was a small price to pay for safety.

As I started to move aside the oddly-shaped pieces, I touched a roundish object.

My hand brushed over it, and I felt a nose. I felt teeth in an open mouth.

They were body parts. I had been touching body parts.

*I was digging into a pile of butchered corpses.*

I was so utterly terrified that I couldn't scream. My breath caught in my lungs. This may have saved me; the thing would have known where I was if I had.

"Let me help you, honey," the voice said, the clicking of its footsteps getting louder and quicker. It was now halfway between me and the room.

I had to hide. I tried to stop thinking about what I was burrowing into and continued to wedge myself deeper.

"Don't worry, I'm here now," the voice said. It had almost reached the pile.

Frantically, I squeezed the rest of my body into the pile. Soon I was completely covered, and no part of me was visible.

"Honey?" the voice said, moving around the pile.

I held perfectly still, trying not to breathe. The smell was overpowering, and it took all of my willpower not to throw up.

*It's just trash, not bodies,* I thought, over and over. *It's just trash.*

The clicking noises stopped directly next to the pile.

Silence.

Suddenly, I could feel body parts being moved around on the surface. Right above my head.

I had never been so scared in my life. I wanted to scream, to run, but I didn't move.

Some kind of liquid from the dislodged body parts dripped down my face, across my nose, and over my mouth.

It took absolutely everything not to retch. I gagged silently and almost made a noise.

Body parts were being moved right next to me. I was about to be discovered. My own butchered body was going to join this pile.

My heart thundered and its beat roared in my ears.

I heard another voice near the door to my room.

"hE's nOT In hERE," it said. Its voice was unnatural, alien.

The limbs stopped moving. The edge of my arm had been exposed. The thing had almost touched me.

"leT'S CHeCK thE OthER rOOm," the voice outside the pile said. It sounded completely different from my mother's voice—a hideous chittering from an inhuman mouth.

There were clicking noises on the laminate as it began moving away from me, back toward the door.

As the clicking disappeared into my room, I let out a long, shaking breath. I was trembling so hard that a few of the body parts dislodged and silently slid down the pile.

I heard a different door open in my room.

Tears rolled down my face. I just wanted to go home.

They were going to find me when they came back. I needed to escape. My only option was to go back to my room and search for the light switch, or find a different exit.

Driven by fear and desperation, I dug myself out of the pile. I was covered in disgusting fluid from the corpses.

I made my way around the pile and back to the room as quickly and quietly as I could. I listened at the door. Heard nothing.

I stepped inside.

Scared out of my mind, I began blindly running my hands along the wall, moving clockwise. I had to get out of here before they came back.

"Honey, where are you?" the voice of my mother asked, somewhere in a different room behind me.

I was sweating, shaking from fear and panic. My trembling hands flew up and down the walls as I searched frantically.

"Is that you, honey?" the voice called.

It was just outside the room.

Absolute, primal horror enveloped me and squeezed. Adrenaline flooded my body.

I was almost running now as I clawed at the wall. I couldn't breathe. Couldn't think.

"D**O**N'**T** R**U**N."

It was in the room.

It was right behind me.

I screamed in utter terror.

At the last moment, my hands felt a switch.

I flipped it, desperately, still screaming.

The lights turned on. I could see.

Crying out, I raised my hands to defend myself as I spun around.

But nothing was there.

I was back in my room. My real room.

My bed, my furniture, all of it—was back. As if nothing had happened.

I had escaped.

I fell backwards against the wall and sank to the floor in shock.

Looking down, I saw that I was covered in blood. I was too traumatized to react.

I sat there for twenty minutes, weeping. I couldn't stop shaking as I held my face in my hands.

Eventually, I got up and grabbed my phone off the nightstand. Using the flashlight, I turned on every light in the house. Only then did I take a shower.

All of this happened last night.

I haven't slept since. Even the darkness of closing my eyes brings terror. I only feel safe in the light.

I don't know what happened to me, but please, don't let it happen to you.

Keep your lights [on](
Title: Every single night I hear furniture moving.

I finally moved out a few weeks ago, after living with my parents. I will be studying in a different city, so naturally I want to be closer to university.

It's a small town. Very rural, quiet and beautiful. Absolutely perfect for a new chapter in my life.

There are a few flats on the floors above me. I think it's 4 floors in total, not including me at the very bottom. We share the same main entrance that is always open, so literally anyone can open the door and walk into the place whenever they feel like it. Not really a fan of that, but eh. It's only till I finish and pass every semester.
Once inside, you can see the letterboxes for each person that is living in this complex on the left, with their last names attached to them. Then there are stairs in the middle that lead up to the floors above. Also an old elevator which hasn't been used in years, because it is broken. At least I think it is, because there is red tape in the shape of the letter X spread across the metal doors. Whoever did that is certainly not a specialist, because it looks like a first grader put it there. I am not sure whether it'll ever get fixed, but I don't need to use it anyways, since the door to my flat is in front of the letterboxes on the bottom floor. So to the right when you enter the building.
Under the stairs seems to be another door. Maybe to the basement, but I don't really care, because I am only at home to sleep. A green bicycle is standing in front of that specific door. It looks like it hasn't been used in decades.

I spend my days studying at university with my new friends or go out with the same people for some coffee or tea. I usually only stay home on Sundays to watch movies or to play videogames. But every night I hear this weird noise. It sounds like someone is moving furniture around to redecorate their place.
I usually go to bed at 8 pm and just scroll on my phone for one or two hours before putting it down on my nightstand to sleep.
When you enter the room I sleep in, the bed is in the far left corner, my feet facing the door. My head and right side are hugged by the walls. The bathroom is to my right, a wall between the two rooms.

It is 9:00 pm right now, I am doomscrolling through different social media sites when I hear this noise again. Just like every night. It is subtle, but makes the walls vibrate, so it is really irritating. The past nights I tried to cover my ears with wax meant for blocking noise, tried sleeping earlier and even put on headphones to listen to music, but nothing works. The vibrating is causing such a deep tone that manages to go through absolutely everything. No matter what I do, I can hear it. Every. Single. Night. I stay up all night, rolling from side to side, staring at the walls and ceiling. Each time I close my eyes, the noise seems to get louder. I am sick of this, angry and about to cry, because I am feeling helpless. Just when I am about to doze off, my 6:00 am alarm goes off.

I let out a loud sigh, followed by a whiney groan. I cannot believe I spent my entire night not resting at all.
I am exhausted, tired and snap at everything and everyone at this point. I want to make coffee, but the bag with the coffee beans falls over, spreading them across the entire kitchen floor. I bend down to pick them up, but end up hitting my head against one of the kitchen drawers when I try to go back up. Another sigh followed by a whispered "ouch..." Okay, surely it cannot get any worse, I think. I'll just make some instant coffee instead. It just needs boiling water and the coffee powder. So I fill the kettle with water, put it on the stove and fill my mug with the instant coffee which was in these tiny, long bags that you just rip open at the top.
I just stand there. Staring at the kettle that was slowly heating up. Eyes unfocused and the vision blurry as it was extremely tiring to focus my eyes after no sleep at all.
Suddenly, a loud whistle throws me back into reality, making me scream from the unexpected high pitched noise. "Right, the coffee..." I shake my head, being disappointed at myself, while pouring the hot water into my prepared mug. The powder and spoon are already in there, ready to stir.

With my finished coffee in hand, I drop down on the couch to watch a movie. There is no chance I will go to university today. I haven't slept. How would I be able to pay attention..? As expected, a few minutes after I turned on a random movie, I fall asleep only to be awakened by a horrible quaking and shaking. I sit up immediately, breathing heavily. I can feel my heart pump out of my chest as I grab my phone to use its flashlight. When I try to unlock it, I see the time and freeze. 9:30 pm. Not again. Who the FUCK redecorates their room? Every. Single. Damn. Night?! At the same time too?! Also: Did I really sleep that long..?

With a sigh I get up to pour my cold coffee into the kitchen sink and notice that some stuff had fallen over. With a raised eyebrow, I put everything back into place and walk into the bedroom.
When I enter, a sudden sharp pain fills me and I drop to the floor, grabbing my foot. "God fucking damnit..." I say through my clenched teeth. I must have hit my foot against a table that is near the entrance of the room. But how?... It doesn't make any sense to me. I just shake my head violently, wanting to forget about it. It's probably nothing. My brain and body must be fucked up from the restless nights and ruined sleep schedule.

I go to bed. Pull the covers up to my chin and lay on my back, staring at the ceiling. The longer I look at it, the weirder it feels. Something is not right, because usually when I look up, I only see the ceiling. Nothing else. But now I see the ceiling and the corner of my wooden wardrobe. As if someone had pushed it closer to my bed, causing it to be in my line of sight. Now that I think about it, the sounds have stopped.
Quickly, I check my phone that I had placed on the nightstand. 10:15 pm. Strange. This is the first night it stopped sooner. But why..?

Again, I shake my head. I must be seeing things. Even though I had just slept for many hours in one go, I fall asleep quickly once more. All these lost hours from the nights before caught up to me, it seems.

The next morning, my alarm rings at 6:00 am, so I get up, rub my eyes, slowly walk into the bathroom and get ready for uni.
I take my bag, put on my shoes and jacket, grab my keys and leave the apartment. But before I actually take the bus, I check my mail. You never know.
As I stood in front of the letterboxes, I couldn't help but notice that the old, green and rusty bike had fallen over. Odd.
After staring at it for a while, I shrug and leave.

Typical university day. Get up. Leave. Go to uni. Study. Leave. Go home. And go home I did.
When I get into the complex, I realise that someone put the bike back into place, but something about it looks different. I don't know what it is. I mean, it's still green, rusty and ugly.

Whatever. With my keys in hand, I enter my apartment and lock the door behind me. A quick glance at my phone. "8:00 pm". Sigh. Another exhausting day done. After a short bathroom visit to change and brush my teeth, I hop to bed and try to relax on my phone, till I eventually pass out.

This night, the moving noises were not as loud which is why I was able to sleep through the night. But when my alarm rings and I wake up, it's... dark.
The air feels thin and heavy. I have trouble breathing. Quickly, I use my phone as a flashlight and get up to hit the lightswitch of my bedroom as fast as I can. I didn't even have to run far. It was only one step to take which didn't make sense...

Now I stand here frozen in my bedroom. Hand on the lightswitch. Tears in my eyes. My bed only one single step away from me. My wardrobe pressed against the side of the bed. The table touching the end of the bed and brushing my side. The window gone.

I had not been wrong the past few days. Something had indeed been weird. The bike falling over and looking like it is out of position. Me hitting my foot, even though I should be able to walk around my flat blindfolded. The stuff in my kitchen falling. Everything seeming out of place.
No one has been moving stuff around next door all these nights. I knew that. I absolutely knew. Because behind that wall where it has been coming from, is... nothing.
I don't have a neighbour next door, because there is no flat. No room. No furniture. Only the neatly cut grass that surrounds the complex.
The walls had been moving every single night. And tonight, they locked me in. The room is so small and tiny now. This could be a toddler's or baby's room. There is no door I could go through. No window. No toilet. No water or food. And eventually, I will either die from no oxygen or get crushed by these walls.
Title: "Because of the Implication"

Nothing seems like a greater deterrent to dating than success. I don’t know what it is about this generation of men, but it feels like the more accomplished I get, the more I seem to attract the riff-raff. Years of winning medals for the swim team in college brought enough publicity to keep the good ones away while attracting those who fed off my fame like vampires. It’s not that I didn’t know this would happen. My mother always warned me. Traditional men don’t want someone submissive, they want someone independent that they can break. 

And I knew I would never fall for it. At least that’s what I thought, until I met Richard.  
 
He had this softness about him that I didn’t quite expect. His charm, passion, and fake feminism drew me in like a sucker. Maybe all those years in a dating desert gave me an unquenchable thirst, a longing. Or maybe anyone would have fallen prey to him. There was, after all, something otherworldly about him. 

It started with a book. I left my copy of “All about love” behind in my favorite coffee shop. When I came to retrieve it, his hand met mine. 
 
“Excuse me.” I glanced at the handsome stranger. 
 
“Ah, you found my book.” He smiled.

 
“Uh, that’s my book.” I showed him the front page with a dramatic flourish. My name was as legible as chicken scratch.

 
“So it is.” He mused. 
 
“You read bell hooks?” I asked. 
 
“Shouldn’t everyone?” He raised an eyebrow. 
 
I faltered for a second. Don’t fall for it. This has to be his schtick or something. 

“Did you forget your matcha latte and canvas tote as well?” 
 
“I think if more men spent time actually trying to become the men they pretend to be, women wouldn’t need to be so cautious of them.” His words felt like honey and I, the hungry bear, fell for his trap. 
 
He was entirely too handsome and it made me incredibly nervous. I fiddled with my metal lighter as we spoke. I swung the lid open and closed. The repetition and sound helped relieve some of my stress. 
 
“Do you smoke?” He asked, with clear apprehension on his face. 
 
“Ah, not anymore. I just carry this for…luck I guess.” My mom had given it to me before she died. It was the only thing I had left from her. 
 
He looked relieved. “Oh good. I have very delicate lungs. I don’t do very well around smoke.” 

“Noted.” I nodded. “I’m Charlie by the way.” 
 
“Richard but you can call me-”

“Dick?” I stifled a laugh. 
 
His smile was infectious. “I was going to say Richie, but honestly you can call me anything you’d like.” 
 
“Including Dick?” 
 
“Maybe *almost* anything.” 
 

A simple moment in time set in motion a wildfire of passion. The dates, late night phone calls, naughty encounters, and delivered flowers swept me up like nothing had before. He was both the perfect gentleman and the perfect savage. He satisfied me in every way I wanted. 
 
Except for a gnawing voice at the back of my head. It seemed too calculated, too real. Almost as though he was programmed as the lead character in my otome game. He seemed to know my every move before I even made it. I was so far gone, drunk on his attention, I didn’t even notice the small ways he was chipping away at my life. Until, one day, he invited me on a trip. 
 
“I’ve never been on a cruise before.” I confessed. 
 
“That makes it even more exciting. I get to see you experience everything for the first time.” He was too convincing. I wish I had put up more of a fight or at least listened to that raw unease in my gut every time I thought about it. 
 
It was not your standard, commercial cruise of three thousand guests. Other than the crew, only thirteen total of us boarded. A very intimate arrangement. The ship itself was about a fourth the size of a typical cruise ship, with all the suites being at least two thousand square feet each. Every unit was equipped with its own outdoor hot tub and veranda. I let my imagination consider all the possible things we could do in that private hot tub, overlooking the ocean. 
 
After we boarded and left the harbor, Richard led me to my room, where I would be staying by myself. I felt like I had my own mini apartment. At first I thought Richard would be sharing the room with me, but he insisted I feel like a princess on this trip. He said his room would be next door if I needed anything. 
 
“Distance makes the heart grow fonder, my love.” At this point he’d grow accustomed to kissing my hand so I didn’t think much of it at the time. 
 
“I guess.” 

“Let me know when you’ve settled in. I can’t wait for you to meet the other guests.”

What I expected was to meet work acquaintances, people he played pickle ball with, or his neighbors. Nothing could have prepared me for the truth. 
 
I met Richard in the ballroom wearing the dress he’d picked out for me. It was gold and made of thousands of tiny pieces of metal, likely connected together by hand. The fabric made a lovely rustle as I walked and felt deliciously cool on my skin. He greeted me warmly and took a moment to behold my appearance. 
 
“You’re more beautiful than a galaxy. And believe me, I would know.” He kissed my cheek gently. 
 
“Thank you.” 
 
“Come.” He led me to join the rest of the group. “Let me introduce you to my collection.” 
 
My heart sank at his words and my eyes looked on in horror. Twelve women, various beauties of different backgrounds and body types stood before me, all wearing the same dress as me. 
 
“Your…*collection?*” I spat in disbelief. 

“Now, now. Don’t be that way. I chose you because you are exceptional. Just like every one of these ladies.” He beckoned to them and they flocked like obedient pets, surrounding him, and doting on him. 
 
“I thought you loved me.” 
 

“I do.” He insisted. “Just like I love them.” He walked around slowly kissing the hand of each woman. The gesture disgusted me, my own hand burning at the realization. 
 
“The thing about flowers” he mused, “Is that they wilt too soon to truly enjoy their beauty. If you let me, I can show you a way you will never wilt. Captured in perfection forever.” He smiled and slowly outstretched his arms to me. “Come Charlotte. I promise the procedure will be painless.” 
 
“Come” His woman army echoed mindlessly. 
 

“Oh hell no.” I immediately bolted back to my room. Richard was close behind, followed by his entourage in heels. 
 
“Please stop, you’re only making this more difficult for yourself.” He seemed so calm and it angered me more. “There’s nowhere to go. We are in the middle of the ocean.” 
 
“Shut up!” I removed one of my heels and threw it at his face. He caught it with insane precision and closed the gap between us. 
 
I felt his hand snatch my left ankle and my face suddenly met the deck. Dazed but pumped on adrenaline, I removed my other heel and jammed it into his face. He let out a gurgling scream. I wiggled back and forth till I freed myself from his almost superhuman grip. I ignored the crunching sound and searing pain. My only goal was survival. 
 
As I limped away, his doting army surrounded him to try to tend to his wounds, letting out unearthly calls of distress. 
 
After I reached my room, I bolted the door, and searched for the orange life vest. Richard and the women pounded on the door furiously. I knew it wouldn’t hold for very long. 
 
Suddenly a glimmer of metal caught my eye. My lucky lighter lay ceremoniously on the bed where I had left it. “Sensitive lungs eh?” I ripped open the mini bar and started emptying them all on the bed. With one rip of my lighter I set a coffee filter aflame. Dropping onto the bed, it ignited quickly and grew. I rushed out to the veranda with the life vest and shut the door on the flames spreading behind me.

As I climbed on the metal railing, my left ankle buckled with pain. I knew there was a chance I wouldn’t generate enough force to clear the decks below. You’ve got this Charlie. You’ve got this. With all the force I could muster, I dove from the deck towards the ocean water. 

They say traditional men want someone independent they can break and he did break me. That bastard broke my ankle in two places. What he didn’t count on was how flammable his ship was. I watched it burn down as I swam back towards my freedom. 

 
[Previous Archive Entry](
Title: In this place, anyone without a name is shot on sight. I am forced to pretend that I still remember my name.

I remember stumbling through the forest at night. 

I was on my hands and knees. The gun had fallen from my hand and I could feel the dirt and snow between my fingers. Not too far off was a faint light. I squinted, focusing on the ground beneath me. 

At that moment, I heard a sound. 

A rustle and a crack a short distance away. It sounded as if it were moving away.

It was impossible to focus. I had no idea where the noise was coming from, or where it was going, or what was making it, but it was close. 

My fingers brushed against a hard, metal object. The gun—I had found it. I picked it up and brought myself to my feet. When I rose, the light was no longer visible.

I flinched suddenly. 

A gunshot.

I saw a burst of light far away. I listened carefully. There was another bang, quickly followed by four more in rapid succession, briefly tainting the scene with splotches of light. Then I heard another sound, a wild, desperate scream. It was silenced only moments later.

I couldn't care less about the gunshot, or the scream, or even the ominous sounds around me; I had to get out of the cold. I began walking towards the scream—toward the location of the light that was now extinguished.

I walked and soon found myself on the edge of a clearing. In the middle of the clearing was a small, decrepit wooden cabin. The cabin seemed to tilt right, then left, and focus in and out. It was becoming hard to stay conscious, but I had to keep walking. I stumbled against the door. As soon as I stepped inside, the sounds from the forest cut off, and I fell forward.

That was all I remember from that night. That's all I remember at all; the memory of where I was or how I had gotten there eludes me.

I awoke on the cold wooden floor, lying face down. My face ached and my muscles were tense. I sat up and looked around.

The cabin was a single room and a complete mess. Old books, papers, and various objects were strewn about. There was charcoal in the fireplace, some of it burnt, the rest scattered across the hearth as if someone had tried to extinguish the fire in a hurry. 

There was a rucksack propped up against the wall next to the fireplace. It was a standard green and brown model, with dozens of miscellaneous items tied to the sides, objects that were too large to fit adequately into the main compartment: a large roll of fabric, a metal pot, and a small hatchet hanging off the back. I examined the items briefly, then reached for the zipper and pulled it open.

I threw its contents on the floor. 

I saw tightly packed rolls of clothing, bags and bottles, and cans and packages. None of these were immediately useful to me; none of these told me where I was or even *who* I was.

I reached for a smaller pocket on the outside of the rucksack. Inside was a book. *Finally*, I thought, *information.*

I pulled out the book and looked at the hard leather cover.

*Alex*

There was no title, no dates, and, besides the name on the cover, it was entirely unadorned. Judging by the survival equipment in the rucksack, whoever this *Alex* was, their situation must have surely been similar to my own. I could only hope this book contained useful information. I opened the first page.

"A survivor with no name must be shot on sight.”

It was an absurdly vague point, yet it made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. My name was the thing that eluded me the most. My life and my experiences were incomprehensible blurs of motion, but at least I could recognize the emotions for what they were. My identity, however, was a complete void. 

What could be the purpose of that warning? I thought. Perhaps a person who wouldn't say their name could not be trusted. No—it couldn't be that simple. 

The list went on for an incredible amount of pages, and each note seemed more absurd than the last. At some point, I had stopped reading the notebook altogether and was simply trying to make sense of what it was about. The points were all about staying safe, not trusting people, and avoiding “infection.” Some were common sense, like knowing where your north is, but others were far stranger, like only ever cutting your hair outdoors and always cutting it as short as possible to avoid “contamination.” My own hair was quite short, and I wondered whether this rule may have been common knowledge for me at some time. But why couldn't I remember? 

I closed the book and leaned back. I looked down at the leather cover.

*Alex.* I thought to myself. *My name is Alex.*

It was simple, really; if I didn't have a name, I would take one for myself until I could remember my real name. Alex. It was as good a name as any. Then, if anyone were to ask my name, I could say it, and the rule would be satisfied. Whatever the reason behind the note, I knew it was important to have a name.

"Alex." I said it out loud to see how natural I could make it sound. "Alex," I repeated. "What is your name?" I said, speaking as if to a stranger. “It's Alex.”

I looked back at the notebook. Alex wasn't my name; it was theirs—the owner of the rucksack. My real name was lost. It would have been nice to know what it was, but at least I could give myself one. I could start somewhere. 

Whoever the real *Alex* was, he was dead, and here I was, searching through his stuff and stealing his name. I told myself it didn't matter anymore. 

I was startled suddenly.

A knock on the door, then three more.

I shot up and scrambled to the entrance, searching for the gun I had dropped the night before. I found it and wrapped my hand around the handle, but before I could get up, the door opened.

“Your name, what is it?” A voice said from the entrance.

I turned around slowly, lifting my eyes to see the woman in the doorway. I saw through the barrel of a large shotgun. Her finger tensed as I hesitated to speak.

“Alex!” I said, “It's Alex.”

I saw her grip ease slightly, and the barrel was lowered.

“What is your name?” I said, hoping to make it sound natural.

“Anna,” she said. She passed through the doorway with a quick step and shut the door behind her. “You're early.”

She looked around the room with a look of mild disgust, the shotgun still loose in her arms, pointing at the floor.

“Why is the fire out?”

I thought for a moment. “There was… there was a situation last night. I was forced to extinguish it.” I said.

She gave me a scornful look. “Your name checks out, so I suppose you're the Alex I was supposed to meet. If it weren't for that, you'd be dead, but don't think I won't be keeping an eye on you. We have a lot to talk about.”

What had I gotten myself into? What was I supposed to do? I didn't know who Alex was, or why *Anna* was expecting to meet them. I had to play along.

I walked over to where Anna was standing.

“Do you have access to the city yet?” She said.

I had to place myself in Alex’s shoes, even if I didn't know who he was, or where the *city* was. I thought about the night before—about the gunshot, the scream.

“No… I don’t.”

“It's a good thing I'm here, then.”

I didn't say anything.

Suddenly, my arm twitched violently. I panicked and reached for it with my other hand to hold it still. My breath caught in my throat. I didn't know what the twitch was, but whatever it was, Anna was suspicious enough already. I looked up toward her, expecting to see through the barrel of her gun again.

The shotgun was still pointing toward the ground, and her gaze was set on the fireplace. She hadn't seen the sudden movement. 

The twitch—what had it been?

Anna looked at the ground for a few moments, then spoke. “We’ll leave for the city as soon as the sun goes down. You're lucky they decided to give you access, Alex.”

My mind focused again. I tried to forget about the twitch.

The city? What city?

“Right, I suppose so.”

“Security has been pretty tight lately; I'm not surprised. Infection rates are rising,” she said.

“I can't say I blame them,” I said, though I had no idea what I was talking about.

“Right,” Anna said, “if one of *them* gets inside, it's all over. I'm glad you understand.”

This time, I felt it coming before it happened. Another twitch. I felt it creeping up my neck like an insect. I had to shake it away.

But if Anna saw me, what then? I didn't know what the twitch was, but I doubted it was anything good. I couldn't let her see.

“I'm going to put my stuff back in the rucksack,” I said, trying to hide my anxiety.

“Of course.”

As soon as I walked away, I shook my head violently to the side. The violent twitch was followed by a strange, tingling sensation around my throat. Thankfully, Anna didn't see.

Before I began picking up the items of the rucksack, I scrambled to find the journal. As soon as I found it, I flipped to the page I had last read.

As if to answer my doubts, the very first sentence of the page read:

“Anyone who makes unexplained sudden movements must be shot on sight.”

I felt sick. The journal… it was about people like *me,* and the more I read, the more obvious this fact became.

“Amnesia is a sure sign of infection.” Said the final sentence of the page.

*I* was the enemy in this journal. But why? Why was I dangerous? The book contained nothing to explain it. 

I finished packing the rucksack and stood up, walking to where Anna was standing.

“You ready, Alex?”

“Yeah.”

“I'm convinced you're not one of *them*, so I think we're ready to proceed. I'm going to give you access to the city, but you have to promise me something first,” she said.

“Of course.”

“If you feel any symptoms, and I mean *any*, put a bullet in your brain before you step foot in the city.”

My body tensed.

“Alex, you have to understand what would happen if one of *them* got inside. The city is the only place left; if it falls, there won't be anywhere left in the world to hide. Do you promise?”

I didn't want to die. Surely there was another way… there had to be.

“Alex? Did you hear me?”

No… I wouldn't give up. I couldn't die yet, not when my past was a blur of memory. The way I saw it, my life had just begun. Why did it have to start in this awful nightmare?

Before I could even speak, we heard a noise outside the cabin.

A sudden gasp, as if someone had surfaced after being underwater for too long. 

Anna ran outside before I even had time to process what was happening. I quickly followed behind.

We circled the cabin until we reached the wall where the sound had come from.

There, slumped against the wall of the cabin, was a man covered in blood and snow with a rifle on his lap. His wounds were vicious and erratic. His eyes were wide and his face was pale. He looked terrified.

“What the hell…” Anna whispered.

The man gasped for air.

Realization hit me like a train. 

The gunshots, the scream. 

He was alive.

“Alex, do you know who this is? Do you know what happened?” Anna turned to face me.

The man looked at her, then slowly turned and looked at me.

“I… I don't know,” I said. “He must've been here before I arrived.”

The man held my gaze, and there was something else behind his eyes. Something unmistakable and undeniable. Anger. He *knew*.

This was Alex—the real Alex. If he revealed that truth, it would be the end of me. 

He opened his mouth.

“No…” he wheezed. “I am…”

“He's one of them!” I yelled, drowning out the man's words before he could reveal his identity. I didn't even know who *they* were; I just had to say something, anything.

The injured man said nothing; he simply stared up at me with the same silent, judging eyes. He looked sad somehow. 

I saw him tense his arm around the rifle on his lap. 

A deafeningly loud sound rang out. I turned away as I felt my ears ringing. The sound had caught me off guard, and it took me a while to recover.

When I looked back, the wall behind the man was covered in fresh blood. 

“Damn it, why did he have to reach for the rifle?” Anna said. Smoke was coming out of the barrel of her shotgun. “But I suppose you're right; he was probably dead meat anyway.”

My stomach sank. This was my fault. The real Alex was dead, and there I was with his name and the knowledge that if he had revealed who he was, Anna would have put a bullet through my chest. 

At least the real Alex is dead, I thought, and the information is gone with him.

But the man was still breathing. 

Anna had aimed low. His stomach was a mess, but he was still breathing.

He opened his mouth.

“No… I'm… Alex…” 

Short, barely audible, but incriminating nonetheless.

A moment of awful silence.

There was no way out of this.

“You bastard!” Anna screamed.

As soon as I saw the barrel of the shotgun trained on my chest, I ducked out of the way. The shot rang out and sent a spray of splinters around me.

I dashed behind the corner of the cabin and ran toward the door. I had to get my pistol. 

Alex had gotten a shotgun shell to his stomach because of me, and now Anna would do the same to me. I felt terrible, but I didn't have time to question my decision. I rushed through the door just as I heard another shotgun blast. Glass sprayed the interior of the cabin.

I lunged toward the table where my pistol was, wrapping my hand around it as my back fell to the ground.

Anna charged through the door and fired, but my body was already against the ground, and she had aimed too high. 

The trigger didn't budge when I pressed it. 

Even though the gun was mine, I had no memory of how to use it. 

Anna adjusted her aim. The gun clicked, but nothing happened. She was out of ammunition.

I flicked a switch on the side of my gun. My finger was so tense around the trigger that the pistol fired immediately and unexpectedly. My ears rang, and I turned my head away from the light. Three more shots were fired, though I didn't look up to see where they had landed.

When the smoke cleared from the pistol, I raised my head.

The door was wide open, and Anna was gone.

I shot to my feet and ran toward the door, but before I could step outside, I saw her.

Anna was lying in the snow outside. Her shotgun was pointing up at me. It clicked harmlessly again and again. 

Blood was running down her lips.

After staring at me for a few moments, she dropped the shotgun and brought her hands to her neck. It seemed only one of my shots had hit the target. 

Blood spurted between her fingers. 

I stumbled backward and fell against the floor. I couldn't bear it. What had I done? I didn't even understand what was happening—what I had done to deserve this. I had acted on instinct; I never meant to kill anyone. I told myself again and again that I had no choice.

I'm writing this now in that cursed journal—the one that warns of people like me.

But maybe I truly am the enemy. After all, I am responsible for the corpses outside. But what choice did I have? I had to survive. 

The real Alex is dead, and even though it was not me who pulled the trigger, his blood is on my hands. Maybe Anna was right; he was going to die anyway. 

Anna carried with her a map and, more importantly, a card. *Access to the city gates*, it says.

The twitching has gotten worse; it's almost uncontrollable now. And there is a certain hunger growing within me, though I don't know what it is or what it wants. Is this the *infection* the book spoke of?

Maybe there, in the city, they can help me.
Title: The Ravensthorpe Lights

I was listening to Stuff to Blow Your Mind the other day. Episode about will-o’-the-wisps. They talked about how they’re caused by marsh gas, swamp lights, that kind of thing. Mentioned how similar lights show up all over the world under different names, with different stories attached to them. Then they said Australia has them too. They’re called Min Min lights.

Something unlocked in my head. A memory from over a decade ago that I haven’t thought about since.

It was 2013. I was a year into uni, working a shit retail job on the side, when my mate Shane hit me up out of nowhere. I hadn’t seen him since high school graduation. He’d gone FIFO at a place called Ravensthorpe, a tiny mining town about six hours southeast of Perth. Middle of nowhere.

He said he was on break and wanted to go camping.

“Mate, you’ve gotta see the stars out here. Nothing like it.”

I thought, weird but why the fuck not? I packed my little beast, a 1994 Corolla held together by rust and optimism, with my tent and a few cartons of beer. Drove six hours through nothing but scrubland and silence.

I got to Ravensthorpe late afternoon. The town was busier than I expected, but still small enough that you’d briefly forget what crowds looked like. Shane’s place was just down the road from the pub. Massive shed, a couple of bikes out front, big lot of land. I probably would’ve caught the FIFO itch myself if it wasn’t so isolated.

Shane was out front, packing gear into his Pajero. He looked rough. Bags under his eyes, scruffier than I remembered. I asked if he was alright.

“Yeah nah, just got off night shift.”

I didn’t push it.

We repacked my stuff into his fourby and headed south, kind of towards Hopetoun. I’d expected more salt lakes, but it was mostly thick scrub with a few gum trees sprinkled around. Shane picked a spot in a small clearing near some rocks. Said it was one of a few places he came out to with the FIFO boys sometimes.

The sun went down fast out there.

We got the tents up, got a fire going, cracked a few tins. Shane wasn’t lying about the stars. The Milky Way was so bright it almost hurt to look at. We talked shit and caught up. We used to be close, back in high school. But something felt off. He kept losing focus mid-sentence, glancing over his shoulder at the tree line.

I finally asked him what was actually going on.

He was quiet for a long time. Then he told me.

A few breaks back, he’d been out here with some of the other FIFO guys. They saw a light in the bush. One of them, Macca, thought it was someone with a torch. Maybe playing a prank. Pissed and laughing, Macca headed towards it.

Shane said his stomach dropped. No reason he could explain. Just felt wrong.

He called out to Macca. Macca just laughed and said not to worry, it was obviously someone he knew. They were calling his name.

Everyone else went silent. They couldn’t hear anything.

Shane noticed the light was keeping the same distance, no matter how far Macca walked. By the time they realised what was happening, it was too late. The light was gone. So was Macca.

They panicked. Grabbed their torches. Spent all night searching through the scrub.

They found him in the early hours of the morning, curled up under a tree. He wouldn’t talk about what happened. Quit the mine two days later and moved back to Sydney.

Shane said he hadn’t slept properly since.

I sat there, staring at the fire, thinking: \*Why the fuck did you invite me out here?\*

He said he’d been seeing the lights himself. He felt like his FIFO mates were just feeding each other’s paranoia, convincing themselves something supernatural had happened when Macca had probably just gotten pissed, wandered off, and had some kind of breakdown. The bloke was probably on his way out anyway.

Shane said he wanted to come out here with someone who had a clear head. Someone who hadn’t been out here, hearing the stories, getting spooked.

He loved camping. He hated being at home. He just wanted things to feel normal again.

I didn’t know what to say. I figured he was just spooked and needed a distraction. So I tried to steer the conversation back to regular shit. Footy, work, whatever. But the vibe never quite recovered. His story stayed lodged in the back of my skull.

I started noticing Shane glancing over his shoulder every few minutes, scanning the tree line.

Then I started doing it too.

The air felt different. Like static building before a storm, or a sudden void where sound should be. I don’t really know how to explain it. It felt like we were being watched. Like something was out there in the dark between the trees, looking back at us.

I reminded myself of all the campfire stories I’d heard as a kid. Bunyips, yowies, the usual bush horror. I spooked myself even more.

I told myself I was being stupid.

Then I saw it.

A single light, maybe 300 metres away. Orange-ish, hovering about a metre off the ground.

My stomach dropped.

I pointed it out to Shane. Watched his face go white.

“Don’t look at it.”

“What?”

“I said don’t fucking look at it.”

He was dead serious. I looked away, but I could still see it in my peripheral vision.

It was getting closer. Drifting over the shrubs and between trees like smoke.

Shane kicked dirt onto the fire. “We need to go. Now.”

I was confused as shit, but his fear was contagious. He hadn’t mentioned anything about the lights \*chasing\* anyone.

We scrambled to the Pajero. I ended up in the driver’s seat somehow. Started the engine, flicked on the high beams. The light cut through the trees as I swung around toward the dirt track.

For a second, I saw it clearly.

Not a torch. Not a reflection. Just a ball of light, hanging over the scrub. The colour was wrong. Orange, but also \*not\* orange. My brain couldn’t make sense of it.

I took off down the track, scratching the side of the Pajero against branches as I cleared the site. I checked the rear-view mirror.

It was following us. Matching our speed.

“Shane, what the fuck is that?”

He was gripping the dash, eyes locked on the side mirror.

“When we got back to camp that night,” he said, “the old fellas at the mine started telling stories. Noongar blokes who’ve been out here for generations. They said that’s not a light. It’s something \*pretending\* to be a light.”

He paused.

“They call them Min Min. You follow them, you don’t come back.”

I floored it. I wasn’t used to dirt roads. Felt like I was going to lose control at any second doing 60. Any faster and we’d end up wrapped around a tree.

The light kept pace.

It was getting brighter.

Then there was a second one. Off to our left, weaving through the trees. Same height, same colour.

A third appeared on the right.

“Shane.”

“I know. Just keep fucking driving.”

The lights started drifting closer. I could see the glow reflecting off the ground beneath them. There was no source. No vehicle, no torch, no flame. Just light.

\*Wrong\* light.

The colour kept shifting, like it couldn’t decide what it wanted to be. Looking at it made me feel sick. Not just uneasy. Physically sick.

We finally hit sealed road. I remember feeling a massive bump, and suddenly I was doing 120. The lights kept up for a while, hovering at the edge of the bush. Then, one by one, they blinked out. Like switches being flipped off.

We drove in silence until we hit the turn-off into town.

I parked under the lights outside the hotel. Engine still running. We just sat there, shaking.

Shane finally spoke.

“I didn’t tell you everything.”

Here we go.

“The lights. I’ve seen them before that night with the boys.”

I turned to look at him.

“Been seeing them for months,” he said. “Started a few weeks after Nan died.”

Fuck.

“I’d be driving back from site, and I’d see a light off the road. Just sitting there. And I swear to God, mate. Sometimes it looked like \*her\*. Standing at the edge of the scrub. Waving at me.”

He was crying now.

“I know how it sounds. But the first few times, I thought I was just tired. Then one night I pulled over. Walked toward it a bit. It moved back. Same distance. Every time.”

“How many times, Shane?”

He didn’t answer for a while.

“I stopped counting.”

He wiped his face.

“It felt… safe? Like she wanted to show me something. I never went far. Just a little bit further each time. Then after what happened to Macca, I got scared. Stopped going out at night. But I kept seeing them. Outside the donga. At the edge of town. Everywhere.”

He looked at me, eyes red.

“That’s why I called you. I thought if someone else was here, someone who hadn’t seen them, maybe they’d leave me alone. Maybe I’d stop wanting to follow.”

I didn’t know what to say.

“Shane. You said they don’t chase people.”

“They didn’t.”

He looked at me.

“They’ve never chased me before tonight.”

Neither of us said what we were both thinking.

They got aggressive when he brought someone new. Either I broke whatever hold they had on him, or he brought them something they wanted.

“I need to go home,” I said.

Shane just nodded. Didn’t argue.

We went back to his place. My tent was still out at the campsite. Fuck it. I hopped in my Corolla and drove.

Six hours of dark highway. Jumping at every light in my mirrors. I didn’t stop until the sun was up and the servos were open.

I saw a post from Shane a few weeks later on Facebook. He’d moved back to Perth. I messaged him.

No response.

That was over ten years ago.

I’ve been thinking about reaching out again. See if he remembers. See if he’s okay.
Title: My wife died yesterday but I still see her

Of course, it wasn’t a slow, painful death; quite the opposite, actually. She had been complaining for a few days about a dull pain in her left abdomen. Nothing dramatic. I took her to the doctor yesterday. Stepped out for an hour; a work call I couldn’t ignore. When I returned, the doctors told me she was gone.

*It made no difference to me.*

Perhaps it should have. But you can’t force a man to cry when his soul has already shriveled into something dry and soundless. There’s this unspoken rule; that loss must be loud, teary, cinematic. But grief, like most things, is quiet and absurd.

No one prepares you for the silence. Not the kind that surrounds you but the kind that comes *from* you. When someone near you dies, your first instinct is to turn to your loved one, the one who helps you make sense of the senseless. We had done that for many years, Emi and I. It would always come from a phone call and then I would turn to her. “Uncle Eli passed away”.

What would come forward would be a series of shared gestures, a kiss, perhaps a hug here and there. To give reassurance to each other, to make sense of the chaos within.

Twenty-three years is a lifetime disguised as borrowed time. That’s twenty-three birthdays, eighteen Valentine’s Days, and at least seventy funerals and odd events and through every one of them, she stood beside me.

But now that someone of mine is gone. And I don’t know who I’m supposed to say those things to anymore.

I keep expecting to feel something more. Anger. Collapse. A scream trying to crawl its way out of my throat. But there’s nothing. Just the knowledge that the world continues; coffee still brews, inboxes still fill, streets still hum with tired people pretending not to notice how absurd it all is.

Maybe that’s the real tragedy. Not that she died. But that it didn’t stop anything. It was the day after yesterday, the morning dew was still fresh, a cold breeze flew from the window and I felt chills in my body. Even though they had asked me to take the week off; it didn’t matter to me. What was I supposed to do? I was already late for work.

They asked me if I’d like to say a few words. I said, ‘She’s dead.’ That was enough. Anything more would’ve been dishonest.

I went home after the hospital because that is what people do. No one had told me otherwise. The elevator smelled faintly of disinfectant and burnt wiring, as it always had. My reflection in the steel doors looked unchanged, which felt like a kind of insult. I half expected grief to rearrange my face, to leave a visible mark, some bruise that might warn others to tread carefully. But the man staring back at me looked like someone returning from a long meeting.

The apartment was quiet in the way only familiar places can be. Not empty—just uninterested. Her shoes were by the door, angled inward as if she had kicked them off carelessly. I considered moving them. I didn’t. It occurred to me, briefly, that I might never move them again. The thought felt less tragic than logistical.

I put my keys in the bowl. One key too many now. I stood there longer than necessary, waiting for something to happen. Nothing did.

The refrigerator light came on when I opened it, obedient as ever. Leftover soup. Milk nearing its expiration date. She had circled it in pen the night before. I could see her handwriting clearly tight, decisive, faintly irritated by inefficiency. I drank the milk anyway. It tasted the same.

The phone rang while I was standing in the kitchen. I let it ring twice longer than I should have, just to see if the sound would provoke anything inside me. It didn’t. When I answered, it was my sister. Her voice had acquired that careful softness people reserve for hospitals and funerals. She asked how I was holding up.

“I’m fine,” I said, which was not a lie. It simply wasn’t an answer.

She paused, waiting for elaboration. I gave her none. Eventually she filled the silence herself, telling me about traffic, about her children, about how strange the weather had been lately. We both pretended this was helpful. When we hung up, I felt relieved, as though I had passed an exam without studying.

That night, I slept on my side of the bed. The other side remained untouched; the sheet still folded back from where she had risen that morning. I noticed the indentation where her body had been, already beginning to fade. It struck me then that memory is more durable than matter, and that this, too, felt unfair.

I woke sometime past midnight. The room was dark, but not entirely. Streetlight spilled through the blinds in thin, uneven stripes. For a moment only a moment I thought she was sitting at the edge of the bed.

I didn’t scream. I didn’t move. I watched.

She wasn’t solid. Not exactly. She looked like a recollection that hadn’t fully decided whether to stay. Her hair was the way she wore it when she didn’t expect company. Her hands were folded in her lap.

“You’re late,” she said.

The voice was right. That was the unsettling part. Not the presence, but the accuracy.

“I know,” I replied.

She nodded, as if this settled something. Then she was gone.

In the morning, I showered longer than usual. I wondered briefly whether I should tell someone about the night. Then I wondered who that someone would be. The doctor? My sister? A man on the street? The idea felt ridiculous. Instead, I dried off, dressed, and went to work.

Work was unchanged. That was its virtue. My inbox was full. Deadlines persisted. Someone asked if I could take a look at a draft before lunch. I said yes. Around noon, a colleague placed a hand on my shoulder and said he was sorry for my loss. His hand lingered too long, as though waiting for me to collapse into it. I thanked him. He looked disappointed.

At lunch, I ate alone. The cafeteria television was playing a game show. People were winning small amounts of money and reacting as though it mattered. I found this mildly comforting.

That evening, there were forms. Death certificates. Insurance claims. Forms that reduced her to checkboxes and signatures. Married. Female. Deceased. I signed my name repeatedly, each time a little less carefully than before. My hand cramped. It felt good to have a physical sensation that could be explained.

I began to notice her presence more often after that. Not always visibly. Sometimes it was just the sense that I was being watched with familiar impatience. Sometimes she corrected me when I reached for the wrong mug. Sometimes she stood in the doorway while I brushed my teeth, shaking her head slightly, the way she used to when she wanted me to notice something obvious.

“You’re doing it wrong,” she said one night as I folded laundry.

“There’s no wrong way,” I replied.

“There is,” she insisted. “You’re mixing things that shouldn’t be mixed.”

I looked down. I was folding her clothes.

I stopped doing that after.

People kept asking if I needed anything. I learned to say no quickly. The faster I answered, the less they insisted. One woman from work brought over a casserole I didn’t eat. It sat in the refrigerator until it spoiled. Throwing it away felt wasteful. Keeping it felt dishonest.

At the funeral, I stood where I was told to stand. I shook hands. I accepted condolences. Someone said she was in a better place. I wondered where that was, exactly, and whether she would find it boring.

When it was time for me to speak, I repeated what I had said before.

“She’s dead.”

There was a murmur of discomfort. Someone coughed. I stepped down.

That night, she sat beside me on the couch. The television was on, though neither of us watched it.

“You embarrassed them,” she said.

“They’ll recover.”

She smiled at that. It was a small, private smile, the kind she used to save for moments when the world disappointed her.

“You’re handling this strangely,” she added.

“I always do.”

She reached for my hand. I felt nothing. That frightened me more than her being there.

The days continued. They stacked on top of one another with bureaucratic indifference. I returned to routines out of habit rather than necessity. Coffee in the morning. Work. Dinner. Sleep. She appeared less often now, but when she did, she was sharper, more insistent.

“You’re pretending,” she accused one night.

“So are you.”

That made her laugh.

I began to wonder whether grief was something that happened to you, or something you had to agree to participate in. The world, after all, had not paused. It had barely noticed. And perhaps that was the point. Perhaps the absurdity lay not in her death, but in my expectation that it would mean something beyond itself.

What bothered me most, in those first days, were the trivialities. The refrigerator hummed too loudly at night. The hallway light flickered before settling, a delay of half a second that made no practical difference but irritated me beyond reason. I found myself standing in the kitchen at odd hours, staring at a crack in the wall we had once agreed not to fix because it gave the place “character.” I hated it now. Not because she was gone, but because it was still *there*.

Her toothbrush remained in the holder for longer than it should have. I didn’t throw it away immediately. Not out of sentimentality. I simply forgot. When I noticed it a week later, the bristles bent inward, slightly frayed. That bothered me. I replaced my own toothbrush instead. There were decisions to be made that felt disproportionate to their importance. What to do with her coats. Whether to cancel a streaming subscription she never used. Which side of the closet should become mine. These questions occupied more mental space than her absence ever did. I resented them for it. They demanded answers without offering meaning in return.

At work, I became obsessed with efficiency. Meetings irritated me more than usual. I interrupted people *mid-sentence*. I rewrote emails that were already adequate. Once, I spent nearly an hour adjusting the margins on a document no one would read closely. The symmetry mattered. I needed things to align, if only on a page.

Someone mentioned her name in passing; not hers, but someone else’s wife with the same name and I corrected them *unnecessarily*. The room went quiet. I hadn’t meant to make a point. I just couldn’t tolerate imprecision.

At night, she *returned*.

Not always visibly. Sometimes it was just her voice, pointing things out. Sometimes it was a smell; her shampoo, faint but unmistakable. Once, I woke convinced she had been crying in the bathroom. I listened for several minutes before realizing the sound was the pipes.

“You’re avoiding it,” she said, standing behind me as I stared into the mirror.

“Avoiding what?”

“Me.”

“I see you all the time.”

“That’s not the same.”

She leaned against the doorframe, watching me with the same expression she used to wear when I pretended not to hear her.

“You’re cataloguing,” she continued. “You always do that when you don’t want to feel something.”

I wanted to argue, but the truth is I had been keeping mental lists. Things that still worked. Things that *didn’t*. Things I would eventually have to replace. The car needed servicing. The kitchen sink drained slowly. The smoke detector chirped once at 3:12 a.m. and then never again. I wrote that *down*.

I found her wedding ring in the drawer where she kept spare change and receipts. That annoyed me. We had agreed it would go in the jewelry box. I picked it up, turned it over in my hand, and noticed a small scratch on the inside of the band. I didn’t remember it being there. I wondered how it happened and I wondered *when*. I didn’t cry. But I couldn’t stop thinking about the scratch.

At the grocery store, I reached for items out of habit. Her cereal. The brand of tea she preferred. I put them back; it seemed inefficient to buy food no one would eat. I stood in the aisle longer than necessary, comparing prices on identical products, irritated by the illusion of choice. A child cried somewhere behind me. The sound was vaguely *excessive*.

There were moments; brief, inconvenient moments; when the grief tried to surface properly. They arrived without warning, like nausea. A photograph. A voicemail I hadn’t *deleted*. The realization that no one else knew the particular way she took her coffee. I felt it then, sharp and immediate. And just as quickly, I shut it down by focusing on something else. The angle of the frame. The background noise. The battery percentage on my phone. This seemed *preferable* to surrendering.

I began to suspect that grief, like belief, was an act of participation. You had to lean into it. Accept its terms. Allow it to disrupt you. And I wasn’t ready to do that. I had responsibilities. A schedule. A life that, infuriatingly, continued to require my attention.

One night, she stood very close to me. Close enough that I thought I might feel her warmth.

“When are you going to look at it directly?” she asked.

“At what?”

“At the fact that I’m not coming back.”

I looked past her, at the wall, at the crack I had started to hate.

“Probably when it becomes useful,” I said.

She laughed then; not kindly.

“You always did misunderstand usefulness.”

After that, she stopped appearing so clearly. Or perhaps I stopped noticing. The difference seemed academic. The apartment grew quieter. Not emptier; quieter. As if something had been turned down rather than removed. I continued to live in it, to occupy space, to correct small errors wherever I found them. I became very good at focusing on the wrong things. And in doing so, I managed, impressively, to survive. I stopped correcting things after a while. Not consciously. It just happened. The crack in the wall remained. The flickering light continued to hesitate before coming alive. The smoke detector chirped again one night, exactly once, at the same minute as before. I didn’t write it down this time. Instead, I *waited*.

I began sleeping with the bedroom door open. This wasn’t intentional either. I told myself it was for airflow, or habit, or because closing doors felt unnecessary now. Still, I noticed I slept better when the hallway was visible. When the dark had somewhere to arrange itself.

She didn’t speak anymore, but she was present. I could tell by the way the air felt occupied. By the pressure in the room when I entered, as though something had adjusted itself to make space for me. Once, half-asleep, I apologized to the emptiness for being late. The word slipped out naturally, without thought.

“You don’t have to explain,” came the response.

I sat up so fast my vision blurred.

The room was *empty*.

I told myself that grief does this. That the mind, when deprived of ritual and release, manufactures continuity. Still, I stopped leaving lights on at night. I began to notice small changes. Objects shifted slightly from where I’d left them. Nothing dramatic. A chair angled inward. A book placed spine-down instead of up. The bathroom mirror wiped clean of the streak I’d ignored for weeks. I assumed I’d done it myself and forgotten. This explanation satisfied me more than the alternatives. One morning, I found two mugs drying on the rack and I stared at them longer than was *reasonable*. Perhaps I had washed one the night before and simply didn’t remember. Memory, after all, degrades under *stress*. Neuroscience supported this. There were studies. I drank my coffee cold, standing at the counter, refusing to sit at the table.

That night, I dreamt of her *clearly* for the first time.

She was lying in bed beside me, facing away, breathing evenly.

“Emi,” I said.

She didn’t turn around.

“You stayed,” she replied.

I woke with the word lodged in my chest.

After that, the apartment began to feel less like a place I lived in and more like a place that was *learning* me. The floorboards creaked selectively. The refrigerator hummed only when I was in the kitchen. I stopped listening to music. Silence felt more appropriate. Like courtesy. I started leaving notes for myself. Reminders. Instructions. Turn off the stove. Lock the door. Take the trash out. Sometimes, the handwriting *wasn’t mine.*

The letters were too careful. Too rounded. I told myself I was tired. One evening, as I prepared for bed, I found the bedroom door closed. I was certain I’d left it *open*.

I stood there for several seconds, hand on the knob, listening. There was no sound from inside. No movement. Just the sense; unmistakable *now* that the room was occupied.

“I don’t like it when you shut me out,” she said softly from the other side.

I did not open the *door*. Instead, I slept on the couch that *night*.

The next morning, the bed was made. Hospital corners, just the way she liked them.

I considered calling someone then. A friend. A professional. But the thought of explaining this, of translating it into symptoms and narratives, felt exhausting. Besides, nothing bad was happening. Nothing violent. Nothing I could point to and say, *this is wrong.*

She was simply *present*.

Grief, I decided, was not loud because it wanted attention. It was quiet because it intended to stay.

Weeks passed. Maybe months. Time had become unreliable. I stopped checking the calendar. The outside world felt increasingly *theoretical*. Emails piled up unanswered. I stopped going to work. No one came to check on me, or if they did, I didn’t hear them.

One night, as I lay half-awake, I felt the mattress dip beside me.

The weight was familiar.

“You don’t have to pretend anymore,” she whispered.

I didn’t ask what she meant.

“You kept waiting for it to end,” she continued. “But this is what it looks like when it doesn’t.”

I turned toward her.

She was not as I remembered.

Not wrong, just incomplete. Like a thought interrupted before it could finish forming. Her face held the suggestion of features rather than the certainty of them. Her eyes reflected light without containing it.

“I took care of things while you were gone,” I said, because it seemed important that she know.

“I know,” she replied. “You always focus on the wrong details.”

She reached for my hand.

Her touch was cold, but not unpleasant.

In the morning, I woke alone.

The apartment was silent.

On the kitchen counter lay a note I hadn’t written.

*You don’t have to keep waiting.*

I don’t leave the apartment much now. There’s no need. Everything I require is here. At night, I sometimes hear her moving through the rooms, adjusting things, fixing what I missed. I let her. It feels fair.

Occasionally, I catch my reflection in the mirror and don’t recognize it immediately. The delay doesn’t frighten me. It feels appropriate, like something is finally aligning.

Grief, I’ve learned, isn’t something you *overcome*.

It’s something that learns how to live with *you*.

And sometimes, if you let it stay long enough, it learns *how to live instead of you*.
Title: Every Year on My Birthday, I Receive a Card from Someone I Don’t Know (Part 2)

[Part 1](

I showed the desk officer the live video.

He didn’t interrupt me. He just watched the screen, jaw clenched, hands folded on the counter like he was bracing himself.

When it ended, he asked if this was live or a recording.

I handed him my phone and told him it was live and explained the situation as quickly as I could. They dispatched units immediately to my house.

They took me into a small interview room after that. No windows. Just a table, two chairs, and a faint humming sound I couldn’t place. A detective came in not long after, older, calm, the kind of guy who speaks slowly like he’s careful not to spook you.

I told him everything.

Not just what happened that night, but everything that led up to it. Every card. Every birthday. How long it had been going on. How I never told anyone because it always felt… harmless. Strange, sure. But harmless.

He asked why I hadn’t reported it sooner.

I told him my mother did once but nothing came of it. Other than that I didn’t have a good answer.

At some point it stopped feeling like something that happened to me and started feeling like something that had always just been there. Like background noise.

I remember sitting alone in that room, trying not to imagine someone walking through my front door.

When the detective came back, he closed the door behind him before he spoke.

“They didn’t find anything.” He said. “If it weren’t for that video it would be impossible to tell if anyone was there.”

No signs of forced entry. No disturbed ground outside. No footprints around the house, even near the door where the man had been standing. The officers checked the yard, the side of the house, the area near the fence line.

Nothing.

Inside, it was the same.

No fingerprints that didn’t belong there. No signs anyone had been inside recently. No evidence of tampering with the locks. 

One of the officers mentioned how clean it all was.

That word stuck with me.

Clean.

The detective told me that without anything physical to go on, there wasn’t much they could do right now. He said they’d file a report, keep it on record, and to call immediately if anything else happened.

I asked him if he thought I was in danger.

He paused longer than I liked before answering.

He said it was good I wasn’t going back to the house.

When I left the station, it was already getting light out.

I sat in my car for a minute before starting it, just breathing, letting the adrenaline burn itself out. That was when it really hit me that if I hadn’t checked my phone when I did… if I hadn’t seen the notification…

I called my girlfriend as soon as I pulled onto the road.

I told her everything. The video. The police. I didn’t try to downplay it this time. I told her exactly how scared I was.

She started crying before I finished.

I told her to stay where she was. She’d already gone to her parents’ place after I called her the night it happened. I told her not to come back to our place, not yet. I promised I’d explain everything again later, in person, somewhere safe.

Then I told her I was going to my mom’s house.

She asked me if I wanted her to come with me.

I told her no.

I didn’t want anyone else walking into whatever this was.

After I hung up, I tried calling my mom.

No answer.

I told myself she was asleep. It was early. Too early. I called again.

Still nothing.

I sent a text asking if she was home.

No response.

I don’t know how long I drove like that, one hand on the wheel, the other gripping my phone like it might start ringing if I held it hard enough. Every red light felt too long. Every car behind me felt too close.

Somewhere between the station and my mom’s house, it occurred to me that I hadn’t told the detectives everything.

Not because I was hiding anything.

But because there were things I’d never thought to question until people started asking.

I pulled into my mom’s driveway just as the sun was coming up.

Her car was there. Lights off. Curtains drawn.

I don’t remember knocking. I just remember standing on the porch, listening, suddenly aware of how quiet everything was. No TV. No footsteps. No movement inside.

I knocked again, harder this time.

After a few seconds, the door opened just enough for her to look out at me, eyes squinting like she was trying to place me somewhere she hadn’t expected.

She said my name before I could say hers.

The relief hit me all at once.

She asked what I was doing there so early. I told her I needed to come in. I told her something happened.

She stepped aside without asking questions.

She noticed my hands shaking before I did.

We sat at the kitchen table. She poured coffee I didn’t think I would touch. I told her about the man at the door. About the deliveries. About the key.

I expected surprise.

What I got was something else.

She didn’t interrupt me. She didn’t question me. She didn’t ask for details. She just listened, eyes fixed on the table, hands folded tightly in front of her.

When I finished, she let out a long breath, like she’d been holding it in for years.

She tried to remember when the first card arrived but couldn’t so she asked me.

I told her.

She nodded slowly.

She asked me if I’d ever thought about who it could be.

I told her what people were saying. About family. About my dad.

Her head snapped up at that.

She said his name quietly, like she didn’t want it to linger.

Then she said, “You know your father died before that, right?”

I told her I knew.

But the truth was, I’d never really thought about the timing.

He died when I was young. An accident. That’s all I ever remembered it being called. Something sudden. Something tragic. Something that happened and then stopped being talked about.

She confirmed it again, gently, like she was afraid I might argue.

He wasn’t around for my birthdays after that. He wasn’t sending cards. He wasn’t watching me grow up.

Whatever this was, it wasn’t him.

She reached across the table and took my hand. Her grip was tighter than usual.

She told me she didn’t think I should go back to the house yet.

I told her the detective had said the same thing.

That made her pause.

She asked what the police had said.

I told her everything they’d found.

Or rather, everything they hadn’t.

She went quiet again after that. Not panicked. Not emotional. Just… guarded.

I asked her if there was anything she wasn’t telling me.

She looked at me for a long time before answering.

She said no.

But she also said she didn’t think this was random.

I stayed at her place for a while. Long enough for the caffeine to kick in. Long enough for the adrenaline to wear off.

Eventually, reality crept back in.

I needed clothes. My work laptop. My charger. Things I hadn’t thought to grab when I left the house in the middle of the night.

My mom offered to come with me.

I told her I’d be fine.

I don’t know why I said that.

On the drive back, I kept thinking about the way the officers described the house.

Clean.

I parked down the block instead of in the driveway.

The house looked exactly the same as I’d left it. No lights on. No movement. No sign anyone had been there at all.

For a moment, I wondered if I’d imagined the whole thing.

I walked up the path, eyes scanning the yard, the porch, the door.

The welcome mat was slightly crooked.

I know that doesn’t sound like much.

But I always kept it straight.

I knelt down to fix it.

That’s when I saw what was underneath.

I stood there for a second, hand still on the edge of the welcome mat.

The house was quiet. No cars passing. No neighbors outside.

I crouched down and straightened the mat.

It resisted slightly.

That’s when I lifted it.

There was a folded piece of paper underneath, pressed flat against the concrete. It wasn’t damp. It wasn’t curled at the edges. It hadn’t been there long enough to collect dirt or moisture.

It had been placed.

My first thought was that the police had missed it, but that didn’t make sense. They’d stood on this porch. One of them had leaned against the door while the other checked the frame. If it had been there earlier, someone would’ve seen it.

Which meant it had been put there after.

I unfolded it just enough to see my name.

My phone rang.

The sound startled me so badly I nearly dropped both the note and the phone. I didn’t check the screen. I assumed it was my mom, or my girlfriend calling to ask if I’d made it inside okay.

I answered immediately.

“Hello?”

There was nothing on the other end.

No static. No background noise. Just an open line.

For a second, I thought the call had dropped.

I pulled the phone away from my ear and looked at the screen. The call was still connected but it was an unknown number.

I raised it back to my ear.

Still nothing.

Then he spoke.

“I see you found it.”

The voice was calm. Older. Male. Not rushed. Not excited. Like he’d waited until he knew I was listening.

I didn’t say anything. I couldn’t. My mouth felt dry, like it had been stuffed with cotton.

There was a pause after that, long enough to feel deliberate.

“You shouldn’t have involved anyone else” he said.

Not angry. Not threatening. Just… corrective. The way someone talks when you’ve made a mistake they expected you to know better than to make.

“That complicates things.”

My heart was pounding hard enough that I could feel it in my throat. I asked him who he was, but the words came out weak, like I wasn’t sure I was allowed to ask.

He didn’t answer.

Instead, he said, “You won’t do that again.”

It wasn’t framed as a warning. He didn’t raise his voice. He didn’t tell me what would happen if I did.

He said it the way someone states a fact they consider settled.

There was another pause.

I waited for him to say more. For an explanation. For anything that would make this make sense.

He didn’t.

The call ended.

No click. No dial tone. Just gone.

I stood there on the porch with my phone still pressed to my ear, staring at the note in my other hand, suddenly aware of how exposed I was. How long I’d been standing there. How easy it would’ve been for someone to watch me without being seen.

I didn’t read the rest of the note.

I didn’t go inside.

I got back in my car and drove.

That was days ago.

Since then, I haven’t gone back to the house. I’ve been bouncing between hotels, sleeping with the lights on, keeping my phone on silent unless I’m expecting a call. I’ve turned off anything that tracks my location. I haven’t told anyone where I am unless I absolutely had to.

I keep replaying the call in my head.

Not what he said.

But how certain he sounded.

I went to the police because I thought that’s what you’re supposed to do when someone crosses a line.

Now I’m not sure there ever was one.

That’s why I’m writing this now.

Because whatever this is didn’t end that night.

And I don’t think it’s ever been as far in the past as I convinced myself it was.
Title: My hands are unclean

“What if you went in there and killed them?”

“Huh?” I said, taking another drag.

Stanley smiled, “What if you went in there and killed them?”

“I mean,” I laughed, “I don’t know.”

We had stopped on a street a few blocks from the bar. Stanley said he needed a little break to smoke and recuperate himself. I told him that we’d hardly walked. He said he’d gotten fat after Thanksgiving and now Christmas. I leaned on the waist-high fence around the perimeter of a house and accepted a cigarette from him.

“No, no,” he said, “I mean it.”

“Mean what?”

“Kill them,” he nodded his head towards the front door of the house.

“But why?”

“Think about it,” he said. “A family all sleeping soundly in bed. A strange man walks in with a baseball bat. Starts knocking their heads in. It’d be fun.”

“Where would we even get a baseball bat?” I grinned.

“Oh, right here.”

He pulled out from behind his legs a bat and offered it to me. The streetlight glimmered off the round end of its batting side, causing me to squint for a moment. It was made of metal.

“I don’t know dude,” I said.

“Go on,” he said. “You know you want to.”

I took the bat. The metal weighed heavy in my hands. I looked it up and down. Stanley’s eyes bored into me. I moved the bat between my hands, playing for time before he’d continue with his proposition.

He took a long drag from his cigarette, “Look. The door’s already open for you.”

I looked to the house. The front door stood wide open. I took a step towards it, before retreating back.

“I can’t.”

“Why not?”

“I…”

My mind faltered. I couldn’t call to mind a reason I shouldn’t. All morality and personal accountability had managed to slip away and, for a moment, I could only conjure up the reasons I should.

“I don’t know.”

“Then do it.”

I looked back towards the door. Beyond it was an emptiness. I felt if I stepped foot into there I’d fall through it and never be able to return. Like swimming in space.

“I guess,” I said, taking a step forward.

“Yes,” Stanley said, “Walk through the door. Then up the stairs.”

I found myself standing on the top bannister. The place looked cozy. Pictures hung from the walls showing a family at various holiday destinations. Paris, London, Bangkok. I could trace the ageing of the youngest through childhood and into their teen years. I saw the braces they had put on and subsequently taken off. I saw the eldest man’s wrinkles form and hairline recede. The woman’s hair turning grey and then dark again.

A door slowly opened at the end of the hall. I didn’t feel alarmed. I could hear Stanley explain.

“Go there,” he said.

I entered the room. A bed sat at the other end. The streetlight filtered through the window and I could barely make out the figures. Their chests rose and fell with each breath. They seemed unperturbed by my presence.

“Approach them,” Stanley said, “and ready the bat.”

So I did. I stood over them, bat lifted over my shoulder. I could make out the faces of the figures in the bed looked exactly like the adults in the pictures.

“Strike them,” he said.

So I did.

His head popped like a balloon filled with water. The blood gushed onto the sheets. The other woke up and turned over. Too shocked to scream.

“Her too.”

When the job was done, I dropped the bat onto the floor. It made a clunk as it hit the hard wood. I wanted to feel disturbed in that moment, yet I felt at peace. I stared at their bodies. I could no longer tell if their faces fit the ones in the pictures.

“Come down.”

At the bottom of the stairs I found Stanley sitting on the sofa in the family’s living room. He patted the seat next to him. I sat.

“Too bad...”

“The leather’s ruined,” I finished.

“Exactly my thought.”

“Why did we do this?”

“We?” Stanley laughed. A wry, humourless laugh, “I didn’t do anything.”

Then it hit. The disturbed feeling. The feeling I had done something wrong. I dug my fingernails into the skin of my palm. I wanted it gone. I wanted the blood out of me.

My bedsheets were covered in sweat when I woke up. Thank god, I thought, thank god it wasn’t real. I pulled myself up and walked over to the mirror. Thankfully, I found no blood on my clothing. No fingernail scars on my palm. My hands were clean.

I arrived a few minutes late for work.

“Ah,” Stanley said as I entered the office, “what time do you call this?”

“I’m sorry dude,” I said. “Just had a bit of…”

“I’m fucking with you,” Stanley said. “What are you thinking about tonight?”

“We could just go to the old bar again. It’s a safe bet.”

“Hm, safe yeah, but it’s not fun is it? What if we hit that new place a few blocks over. Sandy’s, is it?”

“I guess, but I’d...”

“Great! I’ll meet you there at seven.”

He winked and walked off with his mug of coffee in hand.

I sat at my desk and turned on my monitor. For the next few hours I mindlessly scrolled before continuing with the project I’d started a few days before. Stanley handed it to me. Said I am the only person he trusts with such a task. We’d started at that company the same day. Both juniors. Now I had managed a middleweight position and Stanley made project lead.

Work finished at 5 but we clocked out 20 minutes earlier.

“Let it be our little secret,” Stanley would say every day.

There was a familiarity to the bar. It turned out we’d been there before. When it was known as The Copper instead of Sandy’s. Except the owners weren’t the only things that had been exchanged. The little sofas in the corner had been replaced by wooden stools and tables. The pool table in the corner ripped out to make room for more sitting space. A side of the room cleared for live music.

“The usual?” Stanley asked.

I nodded.

He ordered me a cider and himself a vodka and coke. I claimed a table near the window. I enjoyed watching people pass in the streets.

“We’ve been here before,” I said.

“No we haven’t,” Stanley said. “It’s new.”

“The branding and the design is. But the bar is the same. Pretty sure that’s the same bartender the last time we came too.”

He looked into his glass for a moment, thinking.

“I would remember a place like this,” he said.

“Not if you drunk too much.”

He laughed, “Good point.”

The night moved on. People walked in and out. I kept an eye to the door and an ear to my friend, watching the crowd as they shuffled through. Eventually, through some slip in the conversation, we ended up at my dating life.

“What about the girl by the bar,” Stanley said, conspicuously turned around on his seat to stare.

“No,” I said, “we’re not doing this tonight.”

“Come on dude,” he turned back, “you’ve got to get yourself out there. We’re almost 30.”

“You’re 32,” I said, “and I’m a year younger.”

“Really?”

I nodded.

“Anyway, this girl. She looks like your type. You should really give it a chance.”

“She’s like 19, Stan.”

He shrugged, “Never stopped me.”

I sighed, “What does stop you.”

“Oh you know I’m all tied up now.”

“Never stopped you before.”

“Yeah well, I love this girl. Truly. More than I’ve ever loved anyone before. I love her so much she’s the only girl I’ve never cheated on. That’s the truth.”

I giggled, “Yeah well, cheers to that.”

I took leave to visit the toilet. Stanley said he’d grab us another round. By the time I got back, he’d yet to return from the bar. I found him still there, chatting up the girl he pointed out earlier. I sighed and sat back down at our table. Sipping the little drink I had left in my glass, I looked out again to the people passing through.

“Mind if I sit here a moment?” said a young man standing over the table.

“Um, sure,” I said.

He shuffled into the bench and leaned on the table. He looked up to me and smiled. If you asked Stanley the first thing he noticed in a person he was attracted to, he’d tell you it was the butt or the breasts. His preferences oscillated each time we went out. But the first thing I notice is the face. The man before me had a dimple under his lips that accentuated his smile. His green eyes that looked into me and, with ease, sought through.

“I’ve been watching you,” he said. “And your friend. Been waiting for a chance to come over.”

“Okay.”

“I know you’ve been watching me too.”

“I guess.”

“I’ll make this short before he gets back,” he said, placing a small piece of paper on the table and sliding it over to me. “Call me.”

He winked, stood up and walked off.

I took the paper and slid it into my jacket pocket. Stanley reappeared a moment later holding two pint glasses filled to the brim.

“Who was that?” he said.

“That...was Jane’s nephew,” I said.

“Isn’t he off in college?”

“Guess he’s back for the holidays.”

Stanley shrugged.

I woke up the next morning quite hungover and remembering little of the rest of the night. I let out a sigh of relief to not find the man laying in the bed next to me, although a tinge of regret would soon rear its head. I nursed my hangover for a few hours. First laying in bed then reheating some leftover food and devouring a pot of coffee. Eventually, I knew I had to return to the bar to retrieve my car.

Deciding to save on some money and get some fresh air on a clear day, I walked. It would have only taken 20 minutes after all. I passed by the residential streets leading out from my apartment. Each house almost identical in its design. Uniform houses for uniform families.

I found myself caught out of breath halfway down a street. A weakness crept over me and I felt as though I’d pass out. I managed to catch my hand on the waist-high fences of one of the houses. A sharp pain spread throughout the palm of my hand. I snatched it away. A sharp and rather large splinter penetrated the skin. A small stream of blood flowed down to my fingers.

The fence looked otherwise clean and well sanded. How such a splinter managed its way into my palm I don’t know. I looked up to the house. The exterior looked familiar—and not in the way of the rest of the houses on every street. All the blinds in the window were closed and the drive lacked a car. However, the front door stood open. A dark emptiness beyond its border.

I remembered. The metal baseball bat I had been given; the door that stood open; the family pictures hung on the wall; the peaceful faces that slept; the sound of a skull being cracked; the sofa ruined by blood; my hands are unclean.

I pressed my finger down to stop the trickling blood.

“I didn’t do anything,” I said to the house.

I heard Stanley’s laugh in response.
Title: I own a small bed and breakfast in rural Maine. I hope you’re never a guest. [Part 5]

[Click here to see all chapters]( 

I appreciate the kindness on my last post. Posting about my guests is one thing, but sharing about myself feels like exposure. I hope, if anything, you all understand now that I am not exposing another’s pain just to do so; I have been where many of them are. 

After I hit “post” I quite immediately turned off my computer and let Charles hold my hand. We have done this since the first morning he stayed here - it’s how we keep each other grounded. It’s how he tells me he’s doing what he can, and it’s how I tell him I see his humanity. 

I wallowed for a bit. I spent time in my pain. Normally I’d go out in the garden and bury my feelings with the plants in the dirt, but the ground is frozen. It is, indeed, December in Maine. I considered baking or cooking, I considered eating my feelings - but that will only delay or transfer my pain. 

So, I wallowed. 

Regardless of how deep one might wish to bathe in their misery, life goes on. In my case, that means that The Cottage is still open. When The Cottage is open, that means I will host guests.

This is that guest’s story.

—

December 18th, 2025

I was in bed. It wasn’t very late at night and I wasn’t very tired, but I was in bed. 

I was scrolling on my phone in that mindless way that we do in this modern era, taking in all the information and also none of it, trying to escape the images and memories in my mind. Charlie had left me hours ago - at my request - all of the variants of his face riddled with concern and care and something I did not want to label. 

Something a bit too close to pity. 

The headlights made me groan. Of all times to get an arrival, of course it would be when I was unprepared, both physically and emotionally. Still, I pulled on my blazer and straightened my hair and made sure my breath wasn’t offensive and readied myself to greet the newcomer.

The person I saw on the other side of the door was not who I was expecting. They rarely are, to be entirely fair to the work, but this young woman could barely be called that.

This young woman was barely this side of girlhood, with baby fat still clinging to her jawline and the glow of teenagedom still warming her cheeks. Her brown eyes were red from crying and her chin still trembled, but she kept herself steady and maintained eye contact with me.

Her dense black hair was pulled into a bun that sagged low on the back of her head, and it bobbed slightly when she asked, in a voice that just barely wobbled, “Any vacancy?”

I nodded and guided her to my desk while trying to measure her, while trying and failing to get some inkling of what new variation of pain and choice I was about to bear witness too. “Fifty bucks a night. I don’t hold for incidentals. If you stay an extra night, we do this again tomorrow. Breakfast is at 8am.” 

Breakfast is not mandatory, I wanted to add. I wanted to opt out myself, to not have to think about cooking and carrying someone else’s burden. 

Except breakfast was mandatory. The Cottage made sure it was. 

She handed me her ID and card silently, not meeting my eyes. I frowned slightly and read her name - Julia M. She had turned eighteen three months ago. I assessed her, trying to see if I could find any signs of abuse or assault, and found none. I would not get anymore clues until I dreamed. 

I fought against sleep. I wanted to stay up and feel my misery a little longer, I wanted to be my own center of attention for just a few more minutes. It was a losing battle. The fight was against The Cottage, too, and The Cottage always won. 

I dreamed of Julia, of the poverty she came from, of single-wide trailers and cigarette smoke and alcoholism in her single mother. I dreamed of a father who only showed up to fight against paying child support until he stopped showing up altogether. I dreamed of pancakes with butter and nothing else.

I dreamed of Julia raising her four-year-old sister because her mom was still searching for a future at the bottom of a bottle of vodka. I dreamed of visits from Child Protective Services where Julia cleaned until her fingers bled and hid all the bottles and excused every sign of neglect they worried about. I dreamed about her sister being placed somewhere else, in a home with the child’s paternal grandparents where Julia was not welcome. 

I dreamed of Julia’s impeccable grades, of her innate genius at math. I dreamed of early graduation from high school. I dreamed of scholarships awarded for more money than she had ever even thought about, of acceptances to schools that were fighting for her. I dreamed of a future filled with opportunities she couldn’t imagine. 

I dreamed of acceptances to MIT and UCLA. I dreamed of acceptances to Harvard and Princeton and Stanford. I dreamed of the shock from Julia’s counselors, of those middle-aged education workers who had never seen a student get accepted to one Ivy League, let alone multiple. 

I dreamed of full ride scholarships. I dreamed of a future outside of single-wide trailers and vodka bottles and secondhand smoke. 

I dreamed of intense internal conflict. I dreamed of Julia trying to connect with her baby sister. I dreamed of a maternal force of nature.

I woke up feeling only sorrow for the young woman in my first suite. I made her pancakes, I set out sides I knew she wouldn’t eat and coffee she probably wouldn’t drink and I waited as I always did. 

She didn’t come downstairs until quarter past eight, and she didn’t have her bags with her like I’d expected. Most of my guests try to leave before breakfast. Most try to never come back. 

“I made you pancakes,” I offered gently. Julia took in the spread and sat down in the wooden dining chair across from me, the weight of her sounding heavier than she could possibly be. 

Julia shoveled the pancakes down like she hadn’t eaten in weeks, all while I picked at my breakfast, trying to decide if I should speak first or wait for her. When her plate emptied, I refilled it, and I finally decided that I would speak. 

“I’ve never had a future Harvard student as a guest.” She paused mid bite and stared at me, her dark eyes wide with shock. Maybe with a bit of anger, or pain, too. “MIT is probably a better school for math, but you’re right to prefer post-undergrad there, I think. What do I know, though, I only went to the University of Iowa.” 

The shock stayed on her face, but her expression relaxed, melting into one that seemed more resigned. Julia put her fork down. “It’s not far,” she said quietly, her voice wobbling a touch as it had the night before. “Six hours. An easy bus trip from Bangor. I could come visit often. But Olivia…” 

She stared out the window behind me, the one that looked into the wintery garden. “She’s basically mine. I was only fourteen when she was born, but I raised her. I accidentally called her my baby instead of my baby sister before she was six months old. She only got taken because I couldn’t bring her to doctors appointments alone, and when I tried… mandatory reports.” 

Julia sighed. “I kept them at bay for three years. Made sure my mother was just sober enough, that the house was clean. All that time I was only thinking about her. So was CPS, even though I was a kid, too. I was looking at apartments when her grandparents showed up.” 

Her face shifted to a scowl. “They’re rich. They live in Bar Harbor near the water and can give her everything I can’t. They’ve let me visit twice but think that I’m a bad influence. I was accepted to fucking Harvard, for gods sake. I’m a god damn genius. And a bad influence.” 

She took the angriest bite of pancakes I’d ever seen and I took that as my turn to speak. “Why not just leave? Blossom, and then fight for her when you are more settled?” 

“It will be too late then,” she snapped, then frowned apologetically. “Sorry. If she grows up, if she remembers that I could have fought harder and didn’t, if she becomes established in a school system with family… what chance would I have? I’d be taking a little girl away from stability for my own gain. At the same time, she is my baby. I changed her diapers. I took pictures at every milestone. I made sure she was clean and fed. I missed school when she was sick. How could I leave her behind?” 

She was crying now, tears falling freely down her cheeks and spilling off her jaw onto her shirt. “If I leave, if I go to an Ivy League school and then a prestigious post graduate program and then whatever takes me beyond, how could I forgive myself for not fighting harder for her?” 

My heart did a flip in my chest as I realized the weight of her choice. It was not about her sister’s future, or about life and death, or about good and evil. 

It was about if she could forgive herself later. I couldn’t answer that for her, even though I knew the choice she would make. She knew the choice she would make, too, or else she wouldn’t be crying at my dining room table. 

“Stay another night,” I offered, my voice kind. I had made a choice, too, one that I didn’t expect to be making. “On the house. Today, we can make a plan for whatever you decide.” 

——

I probably don’t have to tell you, but she chose her own future. She chose to nurture her own genius to offer a better life for herself.

I helped her write a letter to her little sister, one that explained why she made the choice she made and that she was always going to be there when she needed to be. I wrote Julia one of my own, promising to house her on vacations, promising to help her fight to see Olivia when she came home, and promising to help her with whatever she needed in between. 

Julia is still here, and will be until the spring semester starts. She is sleeping off years of hypervigilance and neglect. I’m going to pay for her to go to the dentist and the doctor before she leaves for school in the spring, because MaineCare really never gave her a chance. 

I am still grieving for my daughter. I will be grieving for her for as long as I live and then possibly beyond because she was made from my flesh and blood and she was taken from me in front of my very eyes. 

But Julia never had a mom. She probably would never have had a chance, except she is exceptionally gifted and exceptionally passionate. Her future is blooming in front of her in ways that she doesn’t even know yet, and she needs a loving hand at her back. 

I am realizing that as I progress in my ownership of The Cottage, I am collecting a village. Julia is a normal teenage girl who needs someone to love her with maternal fierceness. Charlie is an extramortal creature who needs someone to ground him to humanity. 

I am a lost soul looking for peace in a world that has already stolen it from me, but I’m finding bits of it. Shreds. Fragments. So, I’ve decided to keep searching. I’ve decided that if I must, I will become a mosaic of love and kindness and peace and hope. 

Maybe that’s why The Cottage chose me.
Title: Those Who Have Been to War Know it never truly ends. Every Day is a New battle, and some are Just Not Worth Fighting.

I’m going to tell this the way it comes back to me now, not the way I would have told it when I still believed in clean narratives. By no means is this closure; this is merely a confession that means nothing. Now and again, the silence digs a little too deep, and I am forced to speak, regardless of whether anyone is listening.

I’m sixty-three years old. I live alone. I attend church when I can stand the hymns. I’ve raised children and buried them. I have worn a uniform for a war that never deserved to have a proper name, just years of sand, checkpoints, prayers whispered into dust, and orders that learned to contradict themselves.

I was raised in a closed religious community. That matters. Not because I’m looking for absolution, but because it trained me to see desire as a threat that lived inside the body, especially when it refused to point in the approved direction. Men were supposed to be disciplined. Women were supposed to be orderly. Anything else was corruption, and corruption always came from *somewhere else*.

After I was discharged, officially, the war had ended for me. Only on paper it did, because only the dead are free to leave the battlefield. I ended up in a place like a lot of places former soldiers end up: a half-rural town where nobody asks too many questions as long as you don’t ask them back. Veterans everywhere. Different units, different wars, same posture in the shoulders. Same eyes. Same every day. A new battle, a new trench to be crossed in no man’s land with no ending in sight.

We drank together. We sat too close together without acknowledging it. War teaches you how to tolerate proximity without intimacy, which is its own kind of sickness.

Men started disappearing.

At first, it was written off as relapse. Suicide. Leaving town. Then one was found just beyond the treeline near an old irrigation ditch. No blood. No knife wounds. No struggle anyone wanted to describe.

His clothes were wrong on him; shifted, disturbed. His body wasn’t broken so much as *compressed*. His face looked calm in a way that made my stomach turn.

People don’t talk about that kind of calm. They should.

The town needed an explanation. It always does.

They found it in a woman named Queer Marta, though that wasn’t her name, just what people called her once they decided she wasn’t safe. She lived alone, practiced herbal medicine, didn’t belong to any church, and spoke to men without lowering her eyes. She also treated some of the guys for nightmares, pain, and impotence. That sealed it.

Witch isn’t a word people use anymore. But they still know how to mean it.

The accusation spread through prayer circles, Facebook groups, and whispered testimony. Spiritual warfare. Corruption. Seduction. The language was new. The logic was ancient.

I didn’t defend her.

That’s something I need to be clear about.

I am too weak to engage in another battle, especially if it isn’t my own.

The night before they dragged her into a so-called intervention, I was drinking at the VFW hall when I heard my name spoken the way it used to be spoken under incoming fire.

“Aron.”

I turned and saw Elias.

He looked wrong in civilian clothes, like he was wearing a disguise he didn’t respect. We’d served together years earlier. Same unit. Same bunk once. Same night in a forward operating base, when the mortars came down too close, and grabbed my wrist and didn’t let go. I hadn’t pulled away. I’d pretended it didn’t mean anything.

The next morning, he’d requested a transfer.

“I heard you settled here,” he said.

“I heard you were dead,” I answered.

“I was,” he said, and smiled like it hurt.

We walked outside. The night was too quiet. That kind of quiet that listens back.

“You know about the men,” he said.

“Yes.”

“They’re blaming someone else.”

“Yes.”

“They always do.”

There was something off about the air. Static without electricity.

“I don’t want to hurt anyone anymore,” Elias said.

My chest tightened. “What are you talking about?”

He laughed, low and bitter. “I’m talking about what happens when you spend your life pretending the worst part of you doesn’t exist.”

The howl came then.

I don’t mean metaphorically. I mean a sound rose out of the trees that didn’t belong to anything the wildlife department would recognize. It had cadence. Control. Grief.

Elias doubled over.

“Go,” he said. “If you stay, I won’t be able to stop.”

I stayed.

What happened next wasn’t sudden. It was intimate. His body bent inward like it was finally obeying a truth it had resisted. His face changed, not explosively, but *patiently*. Like something unfolding that had waited a long time for permission.

I didn’t see a monster.

I saw a conclusion.

It ran into the trees.

The next morning, another man was gone.

They found signs near the old irrigation ditch, discarded clothing, scuffed ground, impressions that suggested kneeling, grasping, proximity that had gone on too long to be accidental.

That was enough.

They brought Marta out in front of the church with cameras and scripture and righteous fury. She didn’t scream. She didn’t confess. She looked at me once, and I understood she knew exactly what kind of man I was.

That night, as the crowd closed in and words turned into violence, because the human heart is a cemetery filled with sorrow and pain, and a broken heart is so full of darkness that even the dead return to reign over the living. In the midst of this zealous passion, the howl returned.

It burst from the trees, and chaos followed. The thing went straight for the loudest voices, the men who had been quickest to testify. It took them without spectacle. Without blood.

Marta died anyway.

Fire still works the same way it always has.

At dawn, I found Elias again, human, shaking, bruised.

“They wanted it,” he said quietly. “Not death. That came later.”

“You’d be surprised what comforts men are willing to offer when the choice is between desire and teeth,” he lamented with a glint of disgust in his exhausted stare.

I asked him why he spared me.

“Because you never pretended you were righteous,” he said. “Only obedient.”

At that moment, something primal, almost bestial, snarled inside my head. A violent and lusting flame. It was familiar and bitterly hated. The war gave birth to this inside of me.

My vision narrowed into a tunnel as I dug my nails into my palms.

I shook with anger, hating just how right Elias had to be in that moment.

Hating myself...

The sparkle of hope in his otherwise dead eyes told me Elias wanted this; he yearned for me to become just like him.

In that moment, I knew he was no longer the man I *let* myself love.

I left him there.

*Alone.*

Deprived of what little hope he might have had.

Turned my back and walked away.

I left town soon after.

Years passed. I married. I tried to build the kind of life my faith told me would fix me. Wife. Kids. Sunday dinners. I learned how to smile in photos.

For a while, it worked.

Then one night, I came home late.

The house was quiet in a way that felt deliberate.

My wife. My children. No struggle. No frenzy. Just bodies arranged with care, as if whoever did it had wanted to remember loving them.

I didn’t scream.

When the sound finally came, it wasn’t human at first. It tore out of me raw and rising, a hoarse, lupine howl that shocked me with its familiarity, then broke apart into sobbing once my throat remembered what it was and what it was not.

I found the footprints in the snow at dawn. Bare. Human. Leading into the trees.

Elias waited there.

“I didn’t mean to,” he said. “I came to see you. To prove I could leave it behind. But seeing what you had... What I never could... It broke something.”

“I’m sorry,” he said, knowing it meant nothing.

The howl rose in him again, and he ran.

I didn’t follow.

I couldn’t.

Even if I could, there was no point in following him.

Elias took everything I had.

Hunting the beast would only serve to offer it what little human in me I still have.

I live alone now. I still believe some of the things I was taught. I still mistrust my own body. I still don’t know how to forgive myself for choosing obedience over mercy.

Men still vanish sometimes.

The world still blames the innocents.

And the war... Whatever name the outside world gave it, it never really ended.

It just learned how to live inside us.
Title: At the Place I Work, No Children Are Allowed, and We Are Required to Wear a Disguise.
The Second Incident

About a month ago, I wrote about the place I work and its unusual rules. I was never interested in sharing anything about it until that horrific incident involving Sandy initially occurred. Documenting my experience has sort of become my new way of coping with what I witnessed.

Things returned to normal after my shift ended that day, and it was as if Sandy had never even come to the store. I felt guilty, considered going to law enforcement, and even wanted to put in my two weeks. However, it didn’t take me long to realize that law enforcement wouldn’t be much help and could actually be more problematic than anything. I’ll let you fill in the blanks.

I tried speaking to Mr. Keys about it, and he was blunt in his responses. When he refused to answer any of my questions, I told him I wanted to quit. He was quick to convince me to stay and offered a 12% increase in my hourly pay. I already receive $33 an hour, and in this economy, I can’t afford to go job hunting for a regular 9-5 that wouldn’t be anywhere near as financially sustainable as this job. Between the potential dangers of continuing my work here as a duster and the inability to pay the bills, I ultimately decided to stay.

As I said, things were quick to go back to normal and remained that way for weeks after the fact. This had me under the impression that everything was going to be alright, so long as I forgot about that one, isolated incident.

That was, until yesterday morning.

I arrived for my shift at 2:55 AM. It only takes a few minutes to get the store ready for opening, so it was going to be just me until 3:25 AM. It was a Wednesday, and I was unsure of who I would be working with at the time.

I got everything in order before flipping the rusty old switch for the barely functioning LED ‘OPEN’ sign hanging in the glass window by the door. It emanates a minor buzzing sound and flickers on and off. Like all electronic things around here, it needs to be replaced, but likely never will be. 

Once the store was open, I decided to get started on dusting.  

As I made my way to the closet full of cleaning supplies in the far back of the store, I felt a sudden pinging in my chest. Even though it’s been a few weeks, and I’ve been back here many times since then, the recollection of Sandy’s cries haunted my thoughts and made me hesitant. For a moment, I wondered if I was really hearing them. I turned my head to face in the direction of the play area, my stomach turning as I couldn’t detach myself from the image of Sandy writhing on the floor like a disoriented child. I shuddered before I was pulled away by the sound of the door jingling as a customer entered.

I adjusted my disguise so I was somewhat presentable and headed for the desk.

“Welcome to the corner palace of knowledge! What will you be reading to- “

Before I could finish my greeting, I realized I didn’t see anyone there. I was confused, as I was sure I had heard the door open. I looked around when I heard a small sneeze.

My heart skipped a beat.

Slowly, I lowered my head and my eyes looked down, past the counter.  

There stood a small child. A little girl. She had bright red cheeks and big, ocean blue eyes.

“Hey- hey, sweetheart. I’m gonna need you to leave the store. You see, no children are allowed.” I said, trying to mask the rising panic in my voice.  

The little girl shook her head.

“I’m serious, you need to leave,” I said more firmly.

The little girl shook her head once more.

I walked around to her, and without skipping a beat, I bent down and hoisted her up off the floor.

She began kicking and flailing about, not making a sound. She was scrunching her face and pouting, but still, she remained silent.

I ignored her physical protests and kept her in my arms as I walked to the entrance.

“I’m sorry, but no children are allowed.” I reinforced this rule as I opened the door and put her down.

She scowled at me when I noticed her eyes darting past me, and her scowl turned into a look of excitement. She formed a wide grin and began waving enthusiastically.

I looked back, wondering if she had come in with a friend, who may have snuck off and is running amok somewhere in the store.

“Stay here,” I said to the girl as I went to investigate.

She shook her head, one last defiance before I locked the door to keep her from coming back in. It may not have been the greatest strategy, but after seeing what happened to Sandy after she broke a rule, I wasn’t ready to take any chances.

I hurriedly scavenged the store, looking for any and every possible hiding spot a child could fit. I called out, trying to make my voice sound as stern and serious as possible. “Come out now, or I will call your parents!” I shouted, more than once. I didn’t want to change my approach; bribery is never a good way of dealing with mischievous kids, because that’s basically showing them, they will always get their way, and I don’t need them returning to the store knowing I will give them stuff to make them go away.

After several minutes, I realized there was one last spot I had neglected to check, whether by mistake or on purpose; the play area.

I wandered to the back, stepping lightly as I feared breaking the silence. I kept having to push up my ill-fitting hat because it hung too low and obstructed my line of sight.

As I turned the corner, I heard what sounded like two plastic objects colliding, nearly causing me to jump out of my skin. I turned to walk in that direction when I heard a small pitter-pattering coming from a distance. I knew the little girl wasn’t inside; there’s no way she could’ve gotten back in after I locked the door.

Certainly, there weren’t more than two kids.

The pitter-pattering grew louder, and the closer it got, the more it didn’t sound like a single pair of feet. I froze where I stood and listened closely. It was the sound of bare hands and feet slapping the floor at a moderate pace. Galloping on all fours.

I instinctively ran in the opposite direction, booking it for the play area. I turned another corner and groped the wall, feeling for the light switch in the dark.

I flipped the switch, turning on the lights in the play area, and as they flickered on, I saw two children sitting with their backs to me. A little girl and a little boy. It looked like they were playing.

I cautiously approached them, trying to ignore how loud my heart was beating in my ears.

The silence was broken by the jingling of the door.

The little boy slowly lifted his head and touched the girl’s arm. She, too, lifted her head, and they ceased their playing. They both stood up, dropping their plastic toys to the ground.

I slightly lowered my head, causing my hat to once again fall over my eyes. I pushed it out of the way to see the two children now facing each other. The boy was holding the girl’s scalp in his hand, running his fingers through the hair as she stood with the top of her head bleeding down her face, a grin of pure anticipation as she watched him fiddle with her scalp. I covered my mouth, biting the fabric of my gloves as I took a step back, then two, then three. The girl lowered her head, and the boy carefully began to put her scalp back on, a grim smile painting his face.

I cringed at the sight, the flesh being stretched and fitted to the little girl’s head. I was sure they knew of my presence, but chose to ignore me. I took advantage of this, as I kept backing out of the area.

Something I noticed about the boy’s face was how uncanny it was. He looked like a child, but his facial features were those of an adult.

When I was completely outside of the play area, I turned and accidentally ran right into someone. I apologized, and quickly realized who it was.

“Oggi!!” I said in a harsh whisper.

“Mr. Duster,” he grumbled.

I pointed behind me, but before I could explain, he put both hands on my shoulders. “You should get back to dusting, boy. Old Oggi knows how to get things sorted out.” He said, walking past me to the play area.

I turned, trying to stop him, but he only seemed annoyed by my attempt. “Go on, Dusty. We’ve got a full day’s worth of work ahead of us, so you need only worry about that. And of course, you remember the rules now, don’t you?” He explained. I could tell under his disguise that he was furrowing his brow and twitching his lip. Bad teeth and unkept facial hair, I would assume.

I nodded. “Y-yes.”

“Well? Repeat them to me so I know you’ll stay out of trouble.” He demanded.

I swallowed.

“Do not let in any children, and remember to wear your disguise.”
Title: Come to Our Church!

The forest has always scared me. Despite living next to it my entire life, it never grew on me. When my brother dragged me into the woods to play, I always drug my feet. My eyes always played tricks on me, making me see figures peeking out from the trees. I stared at them now with narrowed eyes. In the daylight they looked like trees, nothing malignant about them.

“Mom, Vanessa’s staring out the window again.” My little brother looks at me like I’m crazy. My mother has started to turn a deaf ear to my worries. She tells me a sixteen year old shouldn’t be worrying about things like that. Dad never even pretended to listen. He only rolled his eyes and then checked out of the conversation. Just Vanessa being Vanessa they said. 

Sighing, my mom walked behind me, her disappointed face reflected in the glass. “Vanessa please, can we not today?” I shook my head. The trees stood still staring back at me. Ever since that college kid had killed himself in the woods, I had been on edge. Muttering my mom threw her hands up in the air and walked off. “Just let her do her thing Jason, she’ll get over it.”

“Like with her boyfriend?” he said. I turned then.

“Shut up twerp, wait until some girl stomps all over your heart. Don’t come crying back to me then.” Jason just stuck his tongue and ran. Mom dipped her head around the corner and shot me a glare. “What?” I snap. It comes off a little meaner than it needs to. 

“Watch that tone missy, or I’ll stick you out there myself.” I rolled my eyes. As if she would. I turned back to the window. I felt like I was being watched. Part of me thought I might catch someone or something peeking from around one of the trees.

Dinner is good, but I find myself looking through the window. Dad points at me with his fork, ligotti impaled on the tines. 

“Again?” he asks. I ignore his jab, the feeling of being watched is back. I don’t understand how the others don’t feel it. Maybe I’m just going crazy. Mom nods, as she takes a sip of her ice tea. 

“She’s been looking through it all afternoon.” That was untrue, but I wasn’t going to argue the point. Dad let out as he set down his fork.

“Vanessa honey, this is getting ridiculous don’t you think. What happened with that guy was a once in a lifetime thing.” He taps a hand on the table. The words are on his mouth and I brace myself for them. “I’m gonna need you to stop being so scared of the woods honey. Might be time to check in with Dr.Halloway.” I grit my teeth. Then Jason would open his big fat mouth again, and tell his friend. He would tell his sister. Who would tell her boyfriend and her friends and so on. The telephone cord extending from person to person. I would be a pariah again. My friendships were fragile enough as it was. This would sink them I was sure of it.

“Ok dad.” I say it quietly, staring down at my plate. The feeling doesn’t leave.

It lingers as I wash the dishes. The sun sets and the gloom only deepens, the shadows stretching longer and longer, onto our lawn. Only once I’m locked in my room does the feeling leave. I leave my curtains closed just in case. The knocking jolts me awake. It’s a steady sound. A light thunk, thunk against a window. My eyes slowly look to my window. Whoever it is, isn’t outside my window. Somewhere down the hall, a person mutters. A door creaks open, and heavy footsteps start to pad down the hall. The knocking moves.  

“I’m coming.” my dad mutters. His tone is annoyed. There is another voice. This one is distinctly feminine. What was my mom doing? Taking off my blankets, I march out of my room, despite my brain telling me not to. The cold floor sends a shudder through my body. None of the lights are on in the house. Moonlight gleams in through the windows. Dad is walking into the living room towards a glass screen door that hasn’t been opened since the snow fell. “Just wait a moment.” he mumbles under his breath. I flick on a light before he grabs the handle. He freezes and his head snaps up. “What the hell?” He looks at me with sleepy eyes. 

“Gerald, what are you doing?” My mom stands in her house robe, black hair a frizzy [mess.Dad]( looks back at the door confused. 

“Don’t know, just had a weird dream.” My dad has never slept walk in his life. The base of my neck prickles, and I look out the kitchen window. There’s something behind one of the trees. I blink and it's gone. Only the vague impression of some figure is left in my mind. The feeling of being watched disappears with it as Mom leads my Dad back to bed.

The next day I stand in the backyard. My fingers are still cold in my gloves. The pom-pom on my toque rustles in the wind, not helping with the seriousness of what I’m about to do. The snow lays still on the lawn undisturbed. The crunching makes my teeth hurt as I slowly walk across it, up to the trees that border our lawn. Dad never bothered building a fence, wandering animals didn’t bug him apparently. The thought of some intruder striding out of the trees and into the house was also apparently too ridiculous for him to consider.

The trees look less menacing in the day light. White poplars with black spots covering them like a dalmation. Snow and ice clings to their branches. Sunlight shines down between them, revealing nothing more than deadfall, and more trees. Feeling slightly more emboldened I step past a tree, scanning the trees for any sign of movement. I’m not sure what I’m expecting to find, but I feel a little more at ease. My parents were right, I was just seeing things. Dad sleepwalking was just an odd coincidence. It’s as I turn back that I see it. Right behind one of the trees, are two footprints. 

They aren’t contained to a pair of boots. I can see the toe imprints. Sprinting out of the trees, I ran back into the house locking the door behind me. My parents glance at me as I barge in, breathing heavily. I can’t even form words, as my mom rushes to my side.

“What’s the matter honey, breathe in, just like we practiced, come on.” the old habit kicks in. Slowly I take some deep breaths, the tightening feeling around my chest dissipates. 

“There was someone in the woods.” I manage. Dad mutters under his breath.

“Jesus Christ not this again.” 

“I’m not lying!” I scream. “There was someone there I saw the footprints, they didn’t have shoes!” My body trembles, as I plead with my father. “Just go and look please.” Sighing he gets up from his chair and grumbles over. We walk out to the spot in silence, but I stop short only pointing at the tree. He grumbles and looks behind it.

“Vanessa, this isn’t funny.” he motions me over. I walk forward in a daze. He must have the wrong tree, there was no way to miss them. “There’s nothing here.” he looks at me concerned now. Judging from it I can tell that I’m about to see my therapist very soon. He leads me back gently whispering in my ear. The rest of the day passed in a daze as my mind raced. The image of the footprints burned into my mind. I hadn’t imagined them. Conversation is quiet and awkward. None of my parent’s attempts get me to talk. Whatever is out there is going to get my family, I’m sure of it. Last night I heard my mom’s voice. Does that mean it can mimic to lure them out, or welcome itself in? It wants my family, and I don’t know why.

I lay awake in my bed, the fatigue making my eyes droopy. I can’t afford to fall asleep. I’m convinced whatever is out there is going to lure us one by one out of the house. It’s around midnight when I’m proven right. This time it's both of them. I don't wait this time. Flinging open my door I watch as they march side by side, eyes closed. Running into the kitchen I turn on the lights. This does nothing, they keep moving like nothing happened. 

“Wake up!” I scream. Still nothing. “Wake up you two! Please!” My wild screams do nothing to deter them, as they split from one another, walking around the kitchen table, only to march side by side again as they approach the glass door. “Dad, mom please wake up!” The forest is dark and gloomy, the light beating back the dark. The eyes are the first thing I notice.

The figure is tall, she’s at least seven feet tall. Her hair is snow white, the skin matching. Pale blue veins can be seen under it. She wears a long dark robe, but even from where I stand I can see her feet are bare. A long hand with sharp nails scratches the bark of a tree. The other beckons with a single finger. I scream a loud shrill cry that fills the room. My brother cries in the background, and then hands are grabbing me as the figure slinks into the darkness.

“What’s going on?” my mother looks at me with wild eyes. Dad grabs my little brother from around the shoulders ushering him back down to his room. His glances over his shoulder once, eyes full of concern. “Vanessa what are you doing?” she hisses. I look up at her confused. What is she talking about? She wraps her arms around me. I don’t even know what to say to her. “Monday we’re going to see Dr.Halloway honey. We’ll get this sorted. Can’t have you walking off into the snow.” The statement is insane. She leads me back to my room, and tucks me in like I’m an eight year old. Pulling up the blankets to my chin she curls next to me, and sleep eventually takes me.

As the hours pass by on Sunday, a dread creeps into my body. She’ll be back tonight, and this time my little brother will join my parents. I look at Jason, as he eats a bowl of frosted flakes. He looks down at his bowl stirring the soggy flakes around. I have no idea how to prepare. The tall woman is something beyond this world. The only thing I understand is that she can’t come into the house. All I can do is try to wake them up tonight. There was no way I would be able to sneak out of the house. My parents watch me warily from the livingroom, the tv quieter than it has ever been.

I sat in silence for the entire day, sleeping at certain points. When night fell, I noticed it took my parents longer to fall asleep. When it was eleven they finally shut off the tv before going back to bed. I laid awake in my bed for another excruciating hour. When I could finally hear their breaths I snuck out of my room. Every move I made was slow, and careful. The first thing I did was look at the glass sliding door. My heart leapt into my throat. She was already there. A wide grin split her face, teeth as white as her hair. Slowly she raised her hand and started beckoning. Something deep down told me I didn’t have much time. Yanking open a drawer I grabbed a boxful of tacks. I’d worry about them yelling at me later, all I needed them to do was wake up. Lining them up against the screen door I kept an eye on the woman, determined not to let her unnerve me. 

Grabbing a length of rope I had with me, I tied it to the end of the hallway. The woman stood still only her long finger moved. Beckoning. The windows and doors were next. I tacked the front door and bolted it shut. The house was still silent, whatever spell the woman was working on my family would be in effect soon. Why it didn’t work on me I didn’t know why. I didn't have the time to think about it. I only had a few tacks left, and I tried to divide them in front of my parents and brother’s doors. They all started to shuffle suddenly. Running back to the kitchen I flung all the lights on, and then dug some pots and pans out of the cupboards. It was stupid, something straight out of Home Alone, but I didn’t know what else to do.

I glared out the window at the grinning woman, as the doors to my parents and brother’s room opened at the same time. The first set of tacks did nothing. I immediately started banging the pots and pans together. I screamed and yelled, and they still advanced, eyes closed shut. My dad trips right over the rope, and lands on his nose, a sickening crunch follows it. My mother trips over him, but scrambles back up. Slamming my pots and pans together does nothing. Jason steps over my dad, and turns for the front door. My father slowly rises to his feet and marches towards the glass door. 

I’m stuck between the two groups. I move a foot in the direction of my brother, before my mom pushes right by me. I grab onto her arm trying to drag her down, and I’m thrown to the ground for my efforts. I hear the door unlock, such a soft simple sound. Then it creaks open and I watch my brother disappear around the corner of the house. A horrible laugh comes from the woman. It mocks me as I cling to my mother’s angle shrieking. She steps onto the tacks, and for a brief second she jolts before ripping open the glass door. 

Cold air rushes in, and I lose her just as quickly. Nothing I did even remotely worked. My father shoves by me, I try with all my might to stop him. Swinging my frying pan, I crack it off his skull. It makes a horrible thud, and I can see the blood trickling down his forehead. He stops for a second. Then he rears back his fist.

I never felt the punch, but I do feel the throb in my head as I pick myself off the floor. The sun has risen, and cold air rushes in. I’m numb, shaking and shuddering on the floor. Footprints march across the snow and into the woods. Putting my head in between my legs I weep.

[
Title: The endless road

Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening. Hello, my name is Pietro. I was traveling by pickup truck with my wife, two friends, and a female friend in the interior of the state of Maranhão, Brazil.

 It was our first time in this state. Since it was midnight, we didn’t know the area at all, which caused us to get lost in a very rural region. The ground was dirt, few streets had streetlights, and the only sources of light were the car’s headlights and the moon. All the houses had barbed wire fences to keep intruders away.

We drove for hours and couldn’t find a way out of that area. Then we saw a house with the door slightly open and a yellow light on. I got out of the car and asked if anyone was home, saying that I needed help. At that moment, the door and the light closed immediately. I got goosebumps. On my way back to the car, I saw a doll with black eyes tied to the fence. I was very scared and quickly got back into the car.
Another strange thing is that my friends noticed that, throughout all the roads we had passed, there was no cell phone signal.
We continued driving and still couldn’t get out of that rural area. On another road, we came across a large rock formation, and there was a giant doll, like a scarecrow. The strangest part was that it seemed to be the same doll we had seen earlier, but now much larger. I began to feel a heavy, ominous energy and a sense of danger. My girlfriend was crying, and my friends were in shock.

As we crossed the rock formation, at its end there was a large cross with a woman tied to it. She was speaking jumbled words in a deep, grave tone, shaking her head violently, pale, with blood stains on her face and dress, and her arms had a greenish color. Our friend fainted from fear. I was completely frozen in shock, unable to react. When I looked in the rearview mirror, I saw several people in black hoods coming toward us. I immediately accelerated until we were far from that area.

We entered a calmer area and had to park the car to save gasoline, planning to try to leave when daylight came. We couldn’t sleep, so we talked to pass the time.
As soon as it dawned, I started driving, hoping to find someone who could guide us. Strangely, we found the way out quickly.

When we reached the city, the cell phone signals came back. Our friends tried to locate the area on the internet, but we couldn’t find anything about it. The people in the nearby town also had no knowledge of the rock formation, the hooded figures, or anything strange we had seen, as if none of it had ever existed. To this day, we remain curious, but we prefer not to go through that experience again.
Title: My job was to sort letters to Santa. There was only one rule.

[Part I](

[Part II](

———

The microwave hummed like it was trying to convince me the morning was normal.

I stood barefoot on the kitchen tile with a foam cup of ramen in my hands, watching the condensation bead and run down the sides. Chicken flavor. Breakfast of people who survive things and don’t know what comes next. 

The clock on the stove blinked the wrong time because I hadn’t bothered to fix it after the last power flicker. Outside, someone was already playing Christmas music loud enough that I could hear the bassline through the walls.

I remember thinking—stupidly—that if I could just eat something hot, my body might believe me when I told it the danger had passed.

The sound from the front door wasn’t loud. It wasn’t a knock or a bang. It was the soft, deliberate scrape of paper against metal, followed by a gentle tap as something settled onto the floor.

The microwave finished its cycle. It beeped once, cheerful and wrong.

I didn’t move right away. I didn’t need to. I already knew what I would see when I turned around.
The envelope was halfway across the entry tile, just inside the mail slot. Thick paper. No stamp. No return address. 

The red wax seal was intact, pressed with a shape I didn’t recognize but felt like I should. My name was written across the front in careful pencil, each letter formed slowly, patiently, as if the writer had all the time in the world and wanted me to know it.

I set the ramen on the counter. Steam curled up and dissipated, useless. For a moment, I considered leaving the envelope where it was. Not touching it. Pretending that rules still applied to me.

Then I remembered the stocking vanishing from that thing’s hands. I remembered the phone call. I remembered the way my brother had said my nephew’s name, like saying it might pull him back into the room.

I picked up the envelope.

The wax cracked softly under my thumb. Inside was a single sheet of paper, folded once. Pencil again. The same neat, deliberate handwriting I had seen before, the kind that didn’t rush or correct itself.

“Matthew,

You did well.

You understood the exchange without needing it explained to you again. You did not interfere. You did not attempt to bargain after the gift was given. That restraint matters.

Christmas is not an accident. It is a process. It requires participation. Children believe, but belief alone does not move gifts from one place to another.

Christmas only works when adults do their part.
There are letters that lose their way. There are gifts that are delayed because someone decides they know better than the process itself. You can help correct that.

Today, return the enclosed letter to its proper place. Do not open it. Do not linger.

You have already learned what happens when the process is respected.

—Santa”

A second envelope slipped out when I unfolded the page, smaller, sealed with the same red wax. No address. Just the word Return written faintly on the back.

I sat at the kitchen table for a long time with the letter in my hands, listening to the microwave’s cooling fan whir down. My ramen went cold. The house felt…quiet. Not empty. Not watched. Just still, like a room after a storm has passed through and decided not to come back.

I told myself I wasn’t agreeing to anything. I told myself I was just putting something back where it belonged.

The mailbox Santa wanted was three blocks away, mounted crookedly on a leaning post in front of a house that had been empty for years. 

The yard was overgrown, the windows boarded, but the mailbox was clean, freshly painted red. The flag was up.

I didn’t see anyone watching me as I slid the small envelope inside. I didn’t feel anything when I did it. No rush. No dread. Just a faint sense of something clicking into place, like a piece of mail finding the right slot in a sorting rack.

That night, I slept.

Not the shallow, half-conscious drifting I’d been doing for weeks, but real sleep. No dreams. No shadows at the edge of my vision when I woke up. I lay there for a while afterward, staring at the ceiling, waiting for the other shoe to drop.

It didn’t.

The second letter came two days later.

Same sound through the mail slot. Same thick paper. Same red wax. This time, my hands were already shaking when I picked it up, even though part of me—the traitorous, relieved part—felt a flicker of gratitude that it hadn’t abandoned me to the silence.

“Matthew,

Some corrections take more than one step. You know this. You worked in a system built on the understanding that small errors compound when they are ignored.

There are people who interfere without meaning to. They hold onto things that no longer belong to them. They ask questions that stop the process mid-route. They confuse fear with responsibility.

Children do not struggle with this. Adults do.

Enclosed is a reminder that has arrived late. See that it reaches the person it was intended for. You are not being asked to explain anything. You are not being asked to stay.

Belief does not survive witnesses.

You know how to do this.

—Santa”

The name on the enclosed envelope wasn’t my nephew’s. That was almost worse. It was a name I didn’t recognize, written in a looping adult hand. The address was local.

I drove it over that afternoon. I told myself I was just delivering mail. I told myself the system had rules and I was following them. I told myself I wasn’t responsible for what people did with what they received.

The house belonged to a family with lights already strung along the gutters. A plastic Santa waved from the lawn. A woman answered the door when I knocked, confusion flickering across her face when I handed her the envelope and said it had been misrouted.

She thanked me. She smiled. She closed the door.
I didn’t wait to see what happened next.

The news story ran the following morning. It was brief. A child missing. No signs of forced entry. The parents were cooperating. Anyone with information was asked to come forward.

The picture they used was from a school photo. Red background. Crooked smile.

I turned the TV off and sat in the quiet, my heart beating too hard, too fast. The house still felt calm. No shadows. No towering figure at the edge of my vision. No countdown restarting in my head.

That was when I understood the shape of the trap.

The third letter didn’t come right away.

Day five passed without it. I blocked the mail slot with a chair. I stayed out of the kitchen. I didn’t sleep much. I thought about calling my brother a hundred times and stopped myself every time. I told myself I could still choose to stop. That if I just didn’t read the next one, none of this would be on me.

The letter arrived anyway, slid neatly past the chair, resting on the tile like it had always been there.

This one was shorter.

“Matthew,

You have been patient. You have followed instructions even when they made you uncomfortable. That is not easy.

There is now an interference that needs to be addressed. You know this person. You know how deeply they are invested in not understanding what has happened. Their grief is becoming instructive to others.

Christmas cannot proceed with that kind of obstruction in place.

You are being asked because you are already involved, and because you understand that belief and spirit requires difficult gifts.

This is the last correction required of you this season.

Kill your brother.

—Santa”

I sat at the kitchen table with the letter spread flat in front of me. Outside, someone laughed. A car passed with a tree tied to its roof, needles shedding onto the road. The stove clock blinked the wrong time again, steady and unconcerned.

I didn’t scream. I didn’t tear the paper up. I just sat there, feeling the weight of the week settle fully into place.

Santa hadn’t threatened me. He hadn’t promised anything. He hadn’t needed to.

He trusted me.

The microwave beeped, reminding me that my ramen had been reheated automatically after sitting too long. I didn’t remember turning it back on. 

The smell of chicken broth filled the kitchen again, warm and undeserved, as I stared at the letter and understood exactly what kind of help I had agreed to give.
Title: NEVER call your phone number backwards. EVER.

It was the last day of school before Christmas break and our teachers allowed us to use our phones in class. I was never really a bright student, so that was one of the only times I actually enjoyed school. At first, I was just messing around with my friend group: downloading and playing stupidly bad mobile games, watching these try-not-to-laugh videos on YouTube that were more of a try-not-to-cringe challange, as well as just taking stupid selfiesng . Suddenly, Emily, who was previously quiet and serious the whole time, spoke up:

"I-i have an idea... Might be stupid, but..." 

"Come on, don't be so shy.." - Said Ryan in his casual, sarcastic tone

"Ok... So I saw an urban legend that if you call your phone number backwards, something weird happens...You see a clone of yourself in crowded places, you reflection doesn't look right... I think it's fake, but it would be fun to try, right?" - she explained

 
I was always fascinated by urban legends, but really skeptical of them. Most of the time, I thought that they were more funny rather than scary. I even posted some of my own made-up ones to a forum. Looking back, they were pretty dumb, and clearly written by an 11-year-old who basically glued together Bigfoot, Bloody Mary and some other random thing. I liked Emily's idea, so i suggested we go to the bathroom with our phones and try it.

 
We asked our teacher, Ms. Willson for permission and she didn't even look up from her laptop. It was clear that she was counting down the seconds to the end of the school day, so that she can finally rest and spend time with her family. Being a high school maths teacher must be very tough, trying to teach brainrotted students who can't go 5 seconds without shouting some stupid meme. We went to the bathroom, closed the door, took our phones out of our pockets and called the backwards version of our phone number. Well, not all of us called, because Rachel, the "brave one" of our friend group, decided to back off. 

 
"I've got a bad feeling about this...It's weird, I've never had such a feeling before when I did risky stuff..." - She said in a very timid voice, unusual of her. I mean, she was the type who would explore abandoned mental hospitals in the middle of the night and not even flinch. But now... she clearly knew something we didn't, or her intuition was speaking to her and we were all idiots for continiuing on.

 
First, Ryan called. Then Kyle. Then Emily. Then me. We all got the "number currently unavailable" message. I mean, these phone numbers probably didn't even exist! We laughed in relief and scoffed at Rachel's growing concern.

"See? Nothing happened, silly!" - I mocked, foolishly, as I now know that she was right all along.

 
But that didn't ease her worry.

Coming back home felt like heaven. Like being released from jail after what felt like a life sentence. My mom made mac 'n cheese, my favourite meal. I enjoyed every bite. Say what you want, but mom's cooking is the best and I'm pretty sure no Michelin-star restaurant can replicate it, unless your mom is the cook. The phone thing was long forgotten, I just wanted to enjoy myself and my free time.

 
After dinner, I decided to play Minecraft on my computer. I really like Minecraft, but I'm not really the survival or hardcore type of player. I mostly build on creative mode and have gotten really good at it. i have entire themed worlds, like one is like a fantasy-type universe, another is post-apocalyptic, and another one is futuristic. I also really enjoy playing Bedwars, but I'm still new to it and pretty crap at it.

 
After about 2 hours of playing, my mom called me from downstairs. She asked me if I wanted to go to the mall to do some holiday shopping. I didn't have anything else to do, so I said yes. The mall was extremally crowded, typical for the holiday season. The lines were really long in almost every store we went to. Suddenly, i froze. In the middle of a crowd, I saw a face that looked very much like mine. Not in a "vague resemblance" way, not in a "same haircut and eye colour" way, in a "am I going crazy or is there a mirror somewhere here" way. I was quickly reminded of what I did earlier with my friends. The phone thing. Of what Emily said would happen. Seeing your face in a crowd. I looked over at my mom, who was casually browsing the magazines (it was a bookstore) like a scared child who just saw a big dog or a thunder cloud and asked her:

 
"D-did you see that... person in the crowd that looked like me... they disappeared already, but... I'm pretty sure i saw it."

 
"I didn't see it, I think your mind might be playing a trick on you, don't worry, it's nothing" - she tried to reassure me. But I knew that my mind wasn't playing tricks. That the legend was true. I knew it, but tried to push it down with rationalizations. 

When we got back, I was still terrified deep inside. I felt like I was in danger, even though I was safe. Like something was in my walls. And even worse, that I brought this upon myself. I called Rachel in a panic, explaining what had happened. I mean, she was "the brave one". But then I remembered her refusal to try the phone thing. The never-seen-before timidness in her voice, body language and facial expression. After a few minutes of silence, she speaks:

 
"I can't help you... sorry... But I need to tell you the truth. Emily, Kyle and Ryan all called me updating me on the challange we did earlier. They told me I was right. That I wasn't going crazy like they told me. That they were reckless, that they wished that they could go back in time and step away like I did... They reported seeing themselves walking on the streets, in the crowds, mirrors being out of sync... Scary. I haven't seen any of these things, which means that it was clearly linked to the challange. I think that it causes an interaction between you in this dimension and you in the mirror dimnesion. It causes them to cross over into your world...I don't know if it's harmful, but be careful. Avoid crowded places and mirrors, I guess..."

 
I was in shock. The realisation I have been pushing down hit me like a truck. It was REAL. It was happening. The mirror dimension was REAL. The alternate universes were REAL. And they could cross over into our world if you made contact with them. And we don't know about them. We don't know if they are malicious. We don't know if they are harmful. Like, we don't even know much about aliens from our own universe, let alone an alternate one! 

 I went to the bathroom to take a shower to clear my head, careful not to look in the mirror. But I still caught a glimpse of my reflection. It was just a little out of sync, enough to fully cement in my mind that this was REAL. After the shower I got dressed in my sleep clothes and tried to go to bed and pretend that this was all a bad dream. But i couldn't sleep. So i decided to play minecraft. But even on my creative worlds i saw a figure with my exact skin placing blocks. I watched youtube, but even that didn't distract me from my very reasonable fear of the alternate universe clone. 

 
My phone rings. It's Emily. She's crying. 

"It's real... I saw it... Please, tell me I'm crazy... tell me I'm going nuts..." - she said through sobs. I didn't know how to comfort her anymore. We had the same fear. We both knew this was real. No way to comfort her. It is 3AM now. She's still texting me, terrified, seeking reassurance. How do i comfort her? And how do I get rid of the mirror dimension twin?
Title: Wailing Mountain (Part 1)

I should probably start by saying I'm not a superstitious man. I'm a man of numbers, of spreadsheets, and the cold, hard logic of algorithms. You can call me Ben. Thirty-two years old, junior data analyst at a mid-sized firm that optimizes supply chains for a living. My world is one of quantifiable metrics, efficiency reports, and the soul-crushing glow of a monitor at 3 a.m. I believe in what can be measured, what can be tested, and what can be replicated. Ghost stories, mountain curses, folk tales of things that go bump in the night—those are the currencies of the credulous, the soft-headed, the people who buy lottery tickets with their rent money.

So when I inherited my grandfather's cabin—a place I hadn't seen since I was ten and had largely erased from my memory—I didn't see it as the acquisition of some hallowed family ground steeped in local legend. I saw it as a data point in my life's equation: a variable. An asset. A sudden, unexpected, and frankly, welcome escape hatch from the urban treadmill I'd been mindlessly jogging on for a decade. The property, nestled deep in the Appalachian wilderness of western North Carolina, was described by the lawyer in sterile, legal terms: "a rustic dwelling on a sizable parcel of land, bequeathed by your paternal grandfather, Lazarus Blackwood, upon his passing." The cause of death was listed as "a long and private illness." I remember him vaguely. A quiet, intense man with hands like gnarled oak roots and eyes that seemed to hold the shadows of the deep woods he inhabited. We never connected. My father had fled these mountains as a teenager and never looked back, marrying my mother and settling into the suburban flatlands of Ohio, where the most mysterious thing to happen was the occasional power outage during a thunderstorm. My father died when I was twelve, and it was an, albeit unwelcome, surprise to see him go long before my grandfather.

The drive up was a nauseating exercise in surrendering control. My Prius, a vessel of modern efficiency and environmental consciousness, whined in protest as the paved roads gave way to gravel, then to rutted dirt tracks that seemed designed by a vindictive deity to punish hubris. The forest pressed in on all sides, a cathedral of ancient, indifferent hardwoods. Canopy so dense it blotted out the sun, dappling the road in shifting patterns of gloom. The air changed, too. It grew thicker, heavier, saturated with the sweet, cloying scent of decay—wet leaves, rotting wood, the damp, fungal perfume of a world that lived by its own rules.

The drive up was a journey through layers of civilization peeling away. The six-lane arteries of the city thinned to four, then two. Pavement gave way to asphalt, then to a winding, potholed scar of gravel that twisted up into the mountains like a dying serpent.

I stopped at a lowly convenience store about 30 miles out to get a drink and snacks. A woman with hair the color of rust and eyes the color of moss gave me a look as I paid for my supplies. She was wearing an old, faded t-shirt that was so stained I couldn't tell what the original design was.

“You're that Blackwood boy, ain'tcha?” she asked, her voice a dry rustle.

The question hung in the air, thick and uncomfortable. I forced a smile. “Yeah, hi. Ben. Just heading up to the cabin for a bit.”

She nodded slowly, her gaze unwavering. “Be careful up there. Them mountains… they got their own ways."

Well, I thought, just kill me now.

My GPS signal died twenty miles out, and my phone followed suit shortly after. I was officially off the grid. The final few miles were navigated by memory—or what I could dredge up of it—and the rudimentary map the lawyer had included, a hand-drawn thing my grandfather had apparently made decades ago. The cabin didn't appear so much as it resolved itself out of the mist and the towering, brooding sentinels of ancient pines. It was larger than I remembered, built from massive, dark logs that seemed to absorb the weak afternoon light. A stone chimney, patched and repatched over the years, clawed at the sky like a broken finger. There was a profound, almost suffocating silence here, a silence so dense it felt like a physical presence after the constant, subliminal hum of the city.

Inside, the air was thick with the scent of pine, dust, and something else... something vaguely medicinal and metallic. Decades of my grandfather's life were layered here. Books on botany and regional folklore were crammed into makeshift shelves. Mason jars filled with unidentifiable herbs and tinctures lined a kitchen counter. Everything was solid, heavy, and functional, built to last longer than the men who made it. It was a fortress against the wilderness, and against something else, something I couldn't quite put my finger on. It was the kind of place that made you feel like an intruder, even if you owned the deed.

I spent the first two days in a state of blissful decompression. I unplugged. I read. I hiked a few of the trails marked on the old map, the cool mountain air a welcome balm to my city-scorched lungs. I fixed a loose shutter, chopped firewood, and generally reveled in the simple, tactile reality of it all. At night, the silence was absolute, so profound that the occasional hoot of an owl or the scuttling of some unseen thing in the walls was a startling, almost violent event. I slept like the dead, a deep, dreamless sleep I hadn't experienced since childhood. I felt, for the first time in years, genuinely restored.

I explored every corner of the cabin, trying to piece together the ghost of the man I barely knew. In a desk drawer, beneath a stack of yellowed botanical charts, I found a small, leather-bound journal. The handwriting was a cramped, precise scrawl, almost impossible to decipher. The entries were sporadic, spanning decades.

September 12th, 1978: *The graft took. The old root is holding. The land is satisfied. Must maintain the balance.*

March 3rd, 1985: *Another tremor. Tap-tap. It grows weaker. I grow stronger. The paradox is a crucible.*

June 21st, 1992: *The sickness has returned. Not to it. To me. The mountain rot takes its tithe.*

The entries were cryptic, a mix of what looked like vague agricultural notes and something far more esoteric. It read like the ravings of an eccentric old man, a folk doctor who'd spent too long talking to his plants. I dismissed it as the ramblings of a loner who'd created his own private mythology to stave off the crushing solitude. More mountain nonsense.

On the third night, it started.

I was drifting off to sleep, cocooned in the unfamiliar scratch of the wool blankets, when I heard it.

*Thump.*

A single, deep, resonant sound. I blinked my eyes open, my mind instantly cataloging possibilities. Settling. The cabin was old. Wood expands and contracts. I lay there, listening. Nothing. The silence rushed back in to fill the void. I rolled over, chalking it up to my own hypersensitivity in this new, quiet environment.

A minute later.

*Thump-thump.*

Same spot, same sound. But two in quick succession. Low, almost sub-audible, but definite. Muffled. Coming from... below me? Or maybe the walls? I just hoped to God it wasn't from outside. I sat up, straining my ears. My rational brain kicked in. Thermal contraction of the beams. A pinecone falling on the roof. The possibilities were mundane, plentiful. I told myself to relax, to get a grip. I was a grown man, not a child afraid of the dark. I lay back down, forcing myself to breathe slowly, deliberately. Sleep eventually reclaimed me, a fitful, restless sleep haunted by the echo of that sound.

The next morning, I almost convinced myself it hadn't happened. I went about with a slight undercurrent of unease, but it soon washed away at the sight of the sun-drenched valley from the porch.

On my hike that afternoon, I went deeper into the woods than before, following a deer trail that twisted through a dense stand of ancient hemlocks. The beauty was staggering, a cathedral of green and brown and dappled gold. I came across a strange symbol carved into the trunk of a massive, lightning-scarred oak. It was a crude, primitive thing: a circle with a spiral inside it, and three jagged lines radiating out from the bottom like roots. My grandfather's mark, perhaps? A boundary marker? Or just some random act of vandalism from some other, more primitive hiker.

As I continued down the trail, I noticed other things. The land on this property was unnervingly fertile, a lush, riotous green that stood in stark, almost unnatural, contrast to the thinner, paler vegetation on the neighboring properties I'd seen on the drive in. The trees here were giants, their trunks impossibly thick. There was a sense of life here that was almost aggressive, palpable. It felt... old. Primordial.

Then, I heard it.

It was not a bear, not a coyote, not a fox, not a wild boar, and not any other animal I had ever heard before. It was a low, guttural, and mournful cry, a sound that seemed to be ripped from the very earth itself. It was a sound of immense pain and loneliness, a sound that vibrated in my bones. It was the kind of sound that made the hairs on my arms stand on end, the kind of sound that made me want to turn and run. I stood frozen for a full minute, listening to the echoes die away, my heart hammering against my ribcage. It wasn't a roar or a snarl. It was a lament. And it was close.

I practically sprinted back to the cabin, the joy of my nature walk completely evaporated, replaced by a primal fear I hadn't felt since I was a child. I burst through the door, slamming it behind me and leaning against it, my chest heaving. The silence inside the cabin was suddenly menacing, not peaceful.

I spent the rest of the day inside, my mind replaying the cry, the symbol, the unnatural fecundity of the land. The rational part of my brain, the part that had served me so well for thirty-two years, was fighting a losing battle against a rising tide of irrational dread. I found myself drawn back to my grandfather's desk, to the cryptic journal. I devoured the entries again, this time not as the ramblings of an old eccentric, but as potential clues.

The graft took. The old root is holding.

What if "root" wasn't just a metaphor for a plant? What if it was something else? Something more… fundamental?

The mountain rot takes its tithe.

The mountain rot. I'd heard whispers of it in town. A wasting sickness that supposedly afflicted families who had lived on the land for too long, a localized curse that bled the life from them slowly, over generations. Folklore. Just folklore. But the words on the page, combined with that terrifying cry in the woods, were weaving a new, more horrifying narrative in my mind. I started tearing through the other books on the shelves, not looking for botany charts anymore, but for anything on local history, on folklore, on the "mountain rot."

I found a dusty, leather-bound tome titled "The Blood of the Land: A Compendium of Appalachian Folk Practices." The author was anonymous. The pages were filled with handwritten notes in the margins, in my grandfather's familiar, cramped scrawl. I flipped through it, my hands trembling. Most of it was the standard stuff I'd expect—cures for warts using potato peelings, charms for good weather, stories of the Cherokee Little People. But then, tucked between a passage on dowsing rods and a recipe for poultice made from "graveyard dirt," was a chapter that made my heart stumble a bit.

It was titled "The Root Graft."

The theory was… monstrous. It posited that the land itself, particularly in these ancient, isolated mountains, was a living entity, a primordial organism. Some families, the "First Bloods," who had settled and tamed the land generations ago, had developed a symbiotic relationship with it. But like any symbiosis, it had a parasitic side. The land would eventually turn on its inhabitants, draining them of their vitality. The "mountain rot."

It was insane. It was the stuff of cheap paperback horror novels. But my grandfather had clearly believed it.

As the fourth night fell, the cabin felt less like a sanctuary and more like a cage. I locked the door. A useless, pathetic gesture against an enemy I couldn't even name, if it wasn't just my own mind. I was wide awake, reading a worn paperback by the light of a battery-powered lantern, when it began. Not a single thump, but a steady, maddening rhythm.

*Thump-thump... thump-thump... thump-thump...*

It was a heartbeat. A slow, ponderous, impossibly deep heartbeat. Amplified. It seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at once. From the floorboards beneath my feet. From the very walls of the cabin. From the stone hearth of the fireplace. It vibrated through the bedframe, a low, resonant hum that sank into my bones. I shot up, my heart hammering in my chest in frantic, arrhythmic counterpoint to the slow, deliberate beat from below.

I got out of bed, my bare feet silent on the cold wood. I crept from room to room, a hunter stalking an unseen prey. In the kitchen, the sound was clearer, but still muffled, as if originating from deep within the earth beneath the foundation. I pressed my ear to the floor. The vibration was stronger here, a physical pressure against my eardrum. My mind raced, a frantic flurry of rationalizations. An old generator? A water pump with a failing pressure switch? A well pump, maybe? Yes, that made sense. Grandfather probably had a well. The pump must be malfunctioning, cycling on and off. A relief, a mundane explanation for a terrifying phenomenon. I could fix a pump. I could call a well service. I just needed a phone signal.

But the sound didn't stop. It continued, a relentless, metronomic pulse. A slow, steady beat that stretched into the night. I didn't sleep at all. I just sat in the worn armchair by the cold fireplace, a blanket wrapped around my shoulders, and listened as the hours bled into one another. The sun rose, a pale, anaemic disc in a sky the color of bruised plums, and the sound finally, blessedly, faded away with the last fragments of darkness. I was left hollowed out, my nerves frayed, my body aching with a fatigue that went bone-deep. The silence that returned was now a mockery, a temporary reprieve. I knew it would be back.

The next day was an exercise in psychological torment. Every creak of the floorboards was a potential prelude. Every gust of wind whistling through the eaves was a distorted echo of the rhythm. The cabin was no longer a refuge; it was a resonant chamber for a sound that was systematically dismantling my sanity. I decided to spend the day down the mountain in the small town I'd passed through. I needed supplies, yes, but more than that, I needed the noise of civilization, the anodyne clamor of traffic and people, to drown out the memory of the night's horror. I also needed to ask about a well service.

The drive down was nerve-wracking. Every shadow on the road seemed to coalesce into some new horror. The rustling leaves sounded like whispers. I was becoming one of them. One of the credulous, the soft-headed.

The town was called Harrow's Creek. It was a place that looked like it had been forgotten by progress, a cluster of dusty storefronts and faded clapboard houses clinging to the side of the mountain. I parked in front of the general store, the same one where the rust-haired woman had worked. She wasn't there today. Instead, a man with a beer gut straining against a grease-stained t-shirt was leaning against the counter, reading a dog-eared copy of Field and Stream. He looked up as I entered, his eyes a pale, washed-out blue.

"Afternoon," he grunted, not unfriendly.

"Afternoon," I replied, my own voice sounding thin and reedy. "I was wondering if you could help me. I'm up at the old Blackwood cabin."

His expression didn't change, but a flicker of something—recognition? apprehension?—passed through his eyes. "The Blackwood place, eh? Your kin?"

"My grandfather's. Lazarus Blackwood."

The man nodded slowly, a deliberate, thoughtful gesture. "Old Lazarus. A quiet one. Knew these woods better than any man alive. Kept to himself, mostly." He looked me up and down, a frank, appraising stare. "You don't look like much of a woodsman."

"I'm not," I admitted, a little too quickly. "Look, the reason I came down is... the place has a well, right?"

"I'm sure it does."

"I think the pump is acting up," I said, trying to keep my voice steady, casual. "It's making this... noise. A thumping. A rhythmic thumping, like... like a heartbeat." The word slipped out before I could stop it, a crack in my carefully constructed veneer of pragmatism.

The man's face, which had been a mask of rural indifference, tightened. His eyes narrowed, and he leaned forward slightly over the counter, the springs of the old stool beneath him groaning in protest. The air in the store grew heavy, thick with unspoken things.

"Heartbeat, you say?" he said, his voice now a low, deliberate murmur. "How... regular is it?"

The question was so specific that I was taken aback a bit. He wasn't surprised. He wasn't trying to diagnose a faulty pressure switch. He was confirming a suspicion.

"It's... it's very regular," I stammered, my composure finally shattering. "Thump-thump... thump-thump. All night long. It starts at dusk and stops at dawn. It's driving me insane."

The man, whose name was, according to a patch on his shirt, Rocky, didn't answer right away. He stared past me, out the dusty window at the brooding green expanse of the mountains. He seemed to be wrestling with something, a decision. Finally, he let out a long, slow breath that smelled of stale coffee and regret.

"Look, son," he said, turning his washed-out blue eyes back to me. "I'm not going up there. No one is."

"What? Why? It's just a pump! I'll pay whatever it takes!" My voice was rising, tinged with the hysteria I'd been fighting all morning.

"It ain't the pump," Rocky said, his tone flat, final. "And it ain't just a noise. Some things on this mountain... they ain't meant to be messed with. Your grandfather, he understood that..." He trailed off, shaking his head. "You should go back to the city. Just... walk away from that place. Tear up the deed. It ain't worth it."

"Understood what?" I demanded, my hands clenching into fists on the counter. "What the hell is going on up there?"

Rocky's gaze dropped to the worn countertop. "Best you leave now," he mumbled, suddenly refusing to meet my eyes. "Before it gets dark."

A cold dread, far more profound than the fear induced by the sound, seeped into my bones. This wasn't about a faulty well pump. This was something else, something the locals knew, something they feared. It was the same look the rust-haired woman had given me, the same cryptic warnings. I'm quite the skeptic, but my brain wasn't exactly running to rationality in the moment.

"But I can't just leave," I pleaded, the words feeling pathetic even as I spoke them. "It's my cabin. My inheritance."

Rocky finally looked up, and in his eyes, I saw a flicker of something that looked an awful lot like pity. "Son, that ain't an inheritance. It's a chain."

With that, I left the store in a daze, my arms full of canned goods, bottled water, and a flashlight with extra batteries I'd bought on pure, primal instinct. The "chain" he'd spoken of felt real, a cold, heavy weight settling around my neck. I got back in my car, my mind a scattering of Rocky's words, the rhythmic thumping from the night before, and the cryptic entries in my grandfather's journal. I couldn't leave. Not yet. My own brand of stubbornness, a trait I must have inherited from the very man who'd left me this nightmare, refused to let me flee with my tail between my legs. I had to understand. I had to know.

I drove back up the mountain, the setting sun casting long, monstrous shadows across the road. The cabin, when I reached it, was a dark, hulking silhouette against a sky bleeding from orange to a deep, bruised purple. The silence was already waiting for me, a coiled serpent ready to strike. I unloaded my supplies, my movements quick and jerky, my head swiveling at every rustle of leaves. I locked the door behind me, the deadbolt sliding into place with a sound that was both comforting and utterly futile.

I ate a cold dinner of canned beans, my appetite gone, the food tasting like ash in my mouth. I barricaded myself in the main room, piling a heavy armchair and a small oak table against the door, a pathetic little fort against the unknown. The last rays of light faded, and the cabin was plunged into a profound darkness, broken only by the weak, yellow beam of my flashlight.

I didn't have to wait long.

*Thump-thump... thump-thump... thump-thump...*

It started right on cue, as the last vestiges of twilight surrendered to the night. The sound was different tonight. Clearer. More insistent. It was no longer just a sound; it was a presence. It felt personal, directed. It was the sound of a malevolent intelligence, a slow, deliberate mockery of life itself. I could feel it in the floorboards, in the air I breathed, in the fillings of my teeth. My own heart was a frantic, trapped bird fluttering against my ribs, a panicked counterpoint to the slow, steady pulse from below.

I looked around for any well or pump, any source, but I couldn't find anything. It was like the sound was coming from the very dirt under the cabin. The floorboards were old, but they were solid. I decided to pull up a small area rug to see if I could find a hatch or a trapdoor. Nothing. Just a dark, stained wooden floor. But the thumping persisted, a steady metronome marking the seconds of my sanity's slow decay.

I paced the room like a caged animal, my flashlight beam cutting frantic arcs through the suffocating darkness. The journal entries swirled in my head, a maelstrom of madness. The graft took. The old root is holding. The mountain rot takes its tithe. The pieces were there, but they refused to connect, forming a picture of sheer, unadulterated insanity. Out of pure desperation, I tried to call my mom, a desperate, childlike need for a familiar voice washing over me. I fumbled with my phone, the screen's cold light a small anchor in the overwhelming darkness. Of course, I had no data. But I was intent on getting a signal. I decided to go outside, to a small clearing I'd noticed on my hike. Maybe, just maybe, I could catch a single bar from some distant tower. The idea was insane, a fool's errand, but the sound was driving me to it. I needed to hear my mother's voice.

I threw on my boots and a jacket, my movements clumsy with fear. I unlocked the door, my hand trembling so much I could barely fit the key in the lock. I stepped out into the night, and the cold mountain air hit me like a physical blow. The stars were out in force, a dazzling, indifferent canopy of ice and fire above. The woods were alive with the sounds of the night—crickets, the rustle of unseen things, the distant hoot of an owl. But beneath it all, I could still hear it.

*Thump-thump... thump-thump...*

It seemed to follow me, a constant, oppressive companion. I made my way to the clearing, my flashlight beam bobbing erratically ahead of me. The clearing was about a hundred yards from the cabin, a small, open space carpeted with moss and ferns. I held my phone up, the screen's glow a tiny beacon in the vast darkness. I scanned the area, my eyes darting from shadow to shadow. For a fleeting, absurd moment, I thought I saw a flicker of signal. One solitary, ephemeral bar. It was enough. I mashed my thumb against my mom's contact photo, a desperate prayer to the gods of telecommunications.

The phone rang once, twice. A connection, a tenuous thread back to the world of sanity, of spreadsheets and rush hour traffic. She picked up on the third ring.

"Benjamin? Honey, is that you? You're cutting out."

"Mom!" I cried, my voice cracking with relief. "It's me. I'm at the cabin."

"Ben, I can barely hear you. It's all static. Are you okay? You sound... frantic."

The static was intense, a crackling, hissing wall of white noise. But through it, her voice was a lifeline. "I'm fine, Mom. I'm fine. Just... the quiet is getting to me, I think."

And then, it happened.

As I spoke those words, as I tried to downplay the eldritch horror that had become my reality, the rhythmic thump-thump from the cabin suddenly intensified, as if it were reacting to the electronic signal piercing its domain. The very air in the clearing seemed to thicken, to grow heavy and charged, the way it does right before a thunderstorm. The static on the phone became a cacophony, a roar of digital chaos.

My mother's voice was a jumbled mess of static and fragmented words.

And on top of it, a new sound layered itself over the rhythmic thumping. A high-pitched, metallic tapping. A desperate, staccato counterpoint to the deep, ponderous beat.

*Tappity-tap... tap-tap-tap... Tappity-tap...*

It was faint, but it was there. A frantic Morse code of misery. The combined sounds—a monstrous bassline of biological machinery and a piercing, percussive cry for help—created a symphony of absolute dread.

"Honey? I'm losing you! Are you there?" My mother's voice was swallowed by a final, deafening burst of static, and then... silence. The screen of my phone went black. The battery was dead. The single bar of signal had been a cruel mirage, a siren's song luring me into the very heart of the horror. I was alone again, utterly and completely alone, with the amplified sounds of my nightmare now echoing in the small clearing. I pocketed the dead phone, my hands shaking so violently I thought my bones would rattle apart. I stumbled back toward the cabin, no longer a refuge, but the very epicenter of the madness. I didn't just hear the sound anymore; I felt it in my marrow, a deep, sickening vibration that resonated with the fear liquefying my insides. I burst back inside and slammed the door, my breath coming in ragged, painful gasps. I retreated to the armchair, my pathetic fortress, and waited for the dawn, listening to the relentless, rhythmic torture.

Sleep was impossible. The sounds were a physical assault, a ceaseless barrage of low-frequency dread and high-frequency anxiety. The deep, resonant thump-thump was the foundation, the bedrock of the horror. It was the sound of immense, ponderous pressure, of something massive and ancient being forced to perform a function it was never meant for.

Sleep was just a memory to my discordant mind. My eyes, I had guessed, were bloodshot and with large bags underneath them. The only thing I could think about was my new theory. My theory, which was just that, was that there was not one, but two sources of the noises. A large, deep, resonant thump and a smaller, more desperate-sounding tapping. My mind raced, trying to reconcile the impossible with the logical. The pump was a plausible, however improbable, explanation for the thump. But the tapping? The tapping was different. It had a pattern, a desperate, almost human cadence. Tap-tap... tap-tap-tap... tappity-tap... It wasn't the random ticking of a loose pipe. It was communication.

As the sun broached the dreary surface of the mountains, the sounds stopped. Just as before, it was as if someone had flipped a switch, plunging the cabin back into its state of malevolent silence. I didn't feel relief. I felt dread. The silence was no longer an absence of noise; it was a promise. A promise that the night, and the sounds, would return. I knew, with a certainty that chilled me to my core, that I couldn't just wait this out. I couldn't call for help. I was the only one who could find the source. I was the only one who could stop this.

I had to find the source.

I started with the most logical place. The fireplace. The thumping felt strongest there, a deep, resonant hum that seemed to emanate from the very stone of the hearth. The chimney was a hollow column, a natural conduit for sound from below. I began my search with a crowbar I'd found in the shed, a heavy, rusted thing that felt like an extension of my own growing desperation. I worked like a man possessed, fueled by a potent cocktail of caffeine-fueled adrenaline and pure, unadulterated terror. I pried at the hearthstones, my body aching, the grout cracking and crumbling like old bone. The dust filled the air, a choking cloud of soot and decades of neglect. I coughed, my throat raw, my eyes watering, but I didn't stop.

After what felt like an eternity of back-breaking labor, I managed to loosen a large, central flagstone. I wedged the crowbar under it and threw my weight into it. With a groan of protest from the ancient mortar, the stone shifted. I heaved again, my face contorted in a grimace of exertion, and the stone finally came free, crashing onto the floor with a deafening crash that echoed in the unnaturally quiet cabin. I peered into the dark, rectangular void I had created. The air that rose up was damp, earthy, and carried that same faint, metallic, and medicinal scent I'd noticed when I first arrived. But there was nothing else. Just dirt. I shone my flashlight down, its beam cutting through the gloom. It was just a crawlspace, filled with packed earth and a few rat-chewed sacks of what looked like old grain. No pipes. No machinery. No source of the thumping.

A wave of crushing disappointment washed over me. I'd been so certain. I had staked my last shred of hope on the fireplace, on the logical assumption that the chimney was the conduit. My frantic energy dissipated, leaving me feeling hollowed out, my body aching with a fatigue that went soul-deep. I sank to my knees, the crowbar clattering from my numb fingers. I had failed. The source wasn't under the hearth. The rhythm wasn't coming from below. It was coming from... somewhere else.

I sat there for a long time, my mind a blank slate, the dust settling on my shoulders like a shroud. The cabin was a wreck. The hearth was a gaping wound in the floor, a monument to my futile, desperate search. I had torn apart the only thing that felt like the heart of the cabin, and I had found nothing.

I had to rethink. The tapping... the tapping was different. It was higher, more localized. It was a desperate plea, a frantic cry for help. But where was it coming from? I closed my eyes, my mind replaying the sounds, trying to isolate them, to triangulate their origins. The deep thump-thump was the bass note, the foundation. The tapping was the treble, the melody of misery.

I stood up, my body protesting with a symphony of aches and pains. I took a deep breath, the air thick with the dust of my failure. I decided to wait until dark to start my search again.

This time, I was more methodical. I walked the perimeter of the main room, my ear pressed against the log walls, my hand flat on the rough-hewn wood, feeling for vibrations. Nothing. I moved to the small bedroom, then the tiny kitchen. Still nothing. The sound was a phantom, a disembodied presence that mocked my efforts. I was on the verge of a complete psychological collapse, my rational mind finally surrendering to the maddening, inescapable reality of my situation. I was going to die here, my sanity eroded by a sound that I couldn't find, couldn't explain, and couldn't escape.

Then, in the main room, I saw it. It was illuminated by the spectral glow of the rising moon, a single beam of light piercing through a grimy window pane. It was a section of the floor, a small, rectangular area in the corner left of the fireplace, that was a slightly different color than the rest of the floorboards.

It was a single plank of wood in the floor, in the corner of the room. It was almost unnoticeable at first, a subtle discrepancy in the otherwise uniform pattern of the aged, dark floorboards. But once I saw it, I couldn't unsee it. This single plank was... different. The wood was a lighter shade, a honey-blonde hue that stood out starkly against the dull, weathered gray of its neighbors. The grain was tighter, the surface less worn, less scuffed. It was newer. Brighter. It was a patch. A deliberate, carefully crafted patch.

*Thump-thump... thump-thump*. That noise, the tempo to my undoing, had never been so loud.

My heart, which had been thrumming with a frantic, arrhythmic panic, suddenly seized. This was it. This had to be it. My exhaustion was burned away by a surge of adrenaline, a cold, clear certainty that washed over me. The source was here. The source had been hidden here.

I grabbed my crowbar and flashlight to get a closer look. I knelt down, my knees burning, and ran my fingers over the surface of the plank. The wood was smooth, almost sanded, and I could feel the faint outline of a seam where it met the older, rougher boards. I set my light beside me. I wedged the flat end of the crowbar into the thin seam of the newer plank. I took a deep breath, my lungs burning with the dust-laden air, and I pulled.

The wood resisted. The nails holding it in place screamed in protest, their rusted heads biting into the wood. I put my back into it, my muscles straining, my face a mask of grim determination. With a series of sharp, splintering cracks, the plank began to give way. I worked the crowbar back and forth, my movements becoming more frantic, more desperate. I wasn't just prying up a floorboard; I was performing an exorcism. I was tearing out the heart of the beast.

Finally, with one last, monumental heave, the plank came free. I wrenched it from its moorings and threw it aside. It clattered against the wall, a hollow, metallic sound. I leaned forward, my breath held tight in my chest, and shone my flashlight into the dark, rectangular void I had created.

Etched into the rough-hewn joist that supported the floor, right there in the damp, earth-smelling darkness, was a symbol. A circle, with a spiral inside it, and three jagged lines radiating out from the bottom like roots.

The symbol in the woods was a marker. A boundary. A warning. And the symbol here, hidden beneath the floorboards, was the source. The nexus.

I forced myself to look closer, my flashlight beam trembling in my unsteady hand. The symbol wasn't just carved. It was stained. A dark, dried substance, the color of old blood, was caked into the grooves of the carving.

The thumping stopped.

The sudden, absolute silence was more jarring, more terrifying than the sound itself. It was as if I had pulled a plug, and the entire world had been plunged into a deafening vacuum. The tapping, however, continued. It was clearer now, more distinct. Tap-tap... tap-tap-tap... tappity-tap... It was coming from below.

I had to go down there. I had to see.

The space beneath the floor was a tight, claustrophobic crawlspace, maybe three feet high. The air that wafted up was a foul mixture of damp earth, mildew, and something else... something antiseptic and coppery. I squeezed my body through the opening, my shoulders scraping against the rough joists, my flashlight beam cutting a nervous, jerky path through the oppressive dark. I was in the belly of the beast, in the space between the world above and whatever hell lay beneath.

I crawled forward, my hands sinking into the damp, cold soil, my breath fogging in the beam of my light. The tapping grew louder with every inch, a frantic, metallic percussion that seemed to vibrate through the very dirt beneath my knees. I could feel it in my teeth, a high-frequency hum that set my nerves on edge.

After a few feet of agonizingly slow progress, my light hit something solid. It wasn't wood. It wasn't stone. It was a smooth, gray, unyielding surface.

Concrete.

Someone had poured a concrete floor beneath the main floor of the cabin, sealing off the crawlspace from whatever was below. A full, reinforced concrete slab, complete with what looked like a small, square metal hatch set into its center. The hatch was about two feet by two feet, made of thick, rust-spotted iron, and was secured by a heavy, industrial-looking wheel-valve, the kind you see on old water mains. The tapping was coming from directly beneath it. It was a frantic, desperate plea, the sound of someone trapped on the other side of a tomb.

I felt a wave of nausea, a hot, sour bile rising in my throat. This was no search for a faulty pump. This was an excavation.

The hole in the floor was too small. I needed to make it bigger. I went back to the crowbar, my movements now fueled by a singular, maniacal purpose. I began to rip up the floorboards, one by one, my body aching, my lungs burning with the dust and soot. I worked like a man possessed, my mind a blank slate, my only thought the relentless, driving need to find the source. The boards splintered and cracked. The hole grew larger, a gaping wound in the floor of the cabin, a maw opening into the dark, earth-smelling unknown.

The thumping faded in again and was deafening now. The entire cabin seemed to shake with each ponderous beat. *Thump-thump... thump-thump...* It was the sound of a giant's heart, a deep, resonant pulse that vibrated through the floorboards, through the crowbar in my hands, through my very bones. My mind raced to a million folkloric explanations, each more outlandish than the last. A buried giant? The heart of the mountain itself? A trapped god? I was a data analyst, a man of logic and reason, but in that moment, I would have believed any of them. The rational world had dissolved, and I was adrift in a sea of primal fear.

The tapping, however, ceased. The frantic, metallic cry for help had been silenced. It was as if the tapper gave up, and had succumbed to the relentless, oppressive rhythm.

I had created a hole large enough to lower myself through. I sat on the edge, my legs dangling into the void, my heart hammering against my ribcage. I took a deep breath, the air thick with the dust of my own destruction, and I lowered myself down, my hands gripping the joists, my feet searching for purchase on the smooth, cold concrete. I reached to open the hatch, my fingers closing around the cold, rust-spotted iron of the wheel-valve. I turned it, my muscles straining, my breath held tight in my chest. The valve groaned in protest, a high-pitched, metallic shriek that echoed in the oppressive dark. I looked inside.

There was a ladder that was caked in rust and grime, descending into a darkness that felt alive, a darkness that seemed to press in on me, to swallow the beam of my flashlight. I took a final, deep breath of the cabin's dusty air, and I began to climb down, my flashlight clutched in my teeth, my knuckles white on the rungs of the ladder.
Title: The Flickering Star

My father never believed our planet was alone in the dark. He didn’t mean aliens, in a strictly sci-fi sense, but in a more ancient and primordial degree. He believed there was something ancient, something that slept dormant within realities core. Waking only to bring its designs to an end.  Grief can be an alluring gateway to madness….

He worked as an astrophysicist at a small observatory in eastern Rhode Island. Growing up I used to visit him during his late shifts. His work environment reeked of old degrading electronics, and long neglected dust. The one piece of equipment he did keep in good repair was his state of the art telescope, the “Leviathan”. Aptly named for how it towered over everything, and everyone in the room it was housed.

After mom died, I stopped seeing him at work. I didn’t see him more; a nanny was hired to take care of my brother and I. Father became cold, and distant. I slowly gave up trying to have a meaningful connection with him as every conversation I attempted to have was dulled by his apparent distracted attention. He would nod through my stories of my personal life, but I could tell his focus was on his work, on what the “Leviathan” was showing him.

All this changed two years ago. Inexplicably he texted me, asking me to come work with him. I was hesitant…and a little resentful. Knowing he wanted to see me, but the focal point of this “reconnection” being at his work felt….hollow. I didn’t have the heart to turn him down though. It had been hard enough losing mom, maybe I could pull dad back from his grief and salvage our failed relationship.

When I arrived the laboratory was spotless. My father’s eyes were bloodshot, and he was grimly pale, moving erratically as he greeted me. I was shocked to see no evidence of a single spec of dust throughout the laboratory. It was as if he had been intent to rid even the smallest of distractions from the purity of his work.

“Come here. You HAVE to look,” he whispered aggressively. His emaciated hand clutched my arm and dragged me behind him. He lead me up a flight of metal stairs to the Leviathan.

“You need to see it,” He said flatly gesturing to the enormous telescope before dashing away from me and fiddling through the room. I could hear him cleaning compulsively as I leaned into the eyepiece. I expected to see celestial, but predictable scenery, perhaps a cool combination of colors from a gas planet.

What I saw perplexed me.

I was beholding a star, unlike any I had ever seen. It was pulsing in rhythm. 
A slow pulse. 
A fast pulse. 
Followed by three pulses of such blistering speed my eyes almost failed to discern them as a singular burst. Each pulse corresponded with a change in color.

“Is the telescope broken” I asked bewildered, trying to think how a celestial body could be changing color so rapidly.

“No. The Leviathan is perfect. I keep it perfect. It will ALLWAYS be perfect,” my father said as he rubbed his hand against the metal casing of the instrument. His eyes were fierce and protective. His gaze pierced into me like he wanted to accuse me of heresy for doubting the proficiency of his sacred object.

Before I could protest at how this would be impossible: outside of atmospheric scintillation which I had presumed the Leviathan had been modified to account for; he threw down a thick stack of paper. He began scattering the papers about, suddenly disinterested in his fascination for cleanliness. My edification of his grand discovery trumping any other sense of reason. I could barely keep up with his cascade of firmly asserted facts as he detailed his years of meticulous documentation.

“The pulses; they match binary. This star is alive. This star is SPEAKING to me. It is now speaking to you,” this was the first statement since his rambling I could properly understand.

I was doubtful, and hurt. To know he had spent so much time away from the family that needed him….only to be pulled into such a delusion over what could only possibly be explained from a faulty telescope struck my soul. However I bit my tongue. Hopefully in time I could get him to see the error of his ways.

For the next week I continued to visit him at the laboratory. The pattern of the stars pulsing remained consistent, but grew in intensity. I was surprised that there were not any other variations in this sequence. Assuredly a broken telescope would eventually have more variance in its faulty readings? This question became an afterthought as I began to have the dreams:

I was floating listlessly over a vast crimson landscape. The scenery below me had thick massive crevices filled with black shadowy depths, separating the red landmasses. These now cracked stretches of scarlet sheened and reflected like polished clay. The crevice below me grew in its well of darkness. The red land being thrust in every direction with a clamor of unholy sounds as the darkness conquered it.

Something stirred in that expanding darkness. A shape like a serpent made of white wispy fire. It circled around in an oval shaped pattern as if it was racing to see its tail. Its movement was elegant, but jarring. Like it was sleep “slithering” but with baleful purpose.

I awoke with a taste of burn metal in my mouth and a bloody nose. My father had a similar dream; as did some of his astronomer colleagues. My father was delighted that the star was “speaking” to me as it had for him. I was worried. Worried that there was far more likely, some kind of foreign substance was being exposed to us.

Was it lubricant he used to maintain the Leviathan? Was it the cleaners he used to keep the workspace spotless? I could not explain how his colleagues, working from other laboratories in other states would have the same dream. I pressed my father on this, trying to discern if they had the same Leviathan as I was curious if they would be exposed to the same glitchy sequence of light. My father was disinterested in my inquiry, his sole focus consumed with deciphering what the star was speaking to us.  

Three days later, the color in the stars sequence changed. Shortly after the Leviathan broke. It’s sensors had been fried from the luminance of the star it attempted to perceive. A luminance it was sharing to the peering eye of my father who had leaned into its eye piece. My father started screaming, in a mix of torturous pain, and cathartic delight.

“It beheld me! It SPOKE my name!” My father rasped. My tolerance for this madness expired abruptly as I ripped my cell phone from my pocket and dialed 911.

The ambulance had to wrangle my father into the stretcher. He was half blind but fully defiant. He writhed and pleaded not to be “taken out of range”….whatever the hell that meant.

The laboratory is no defunct.

My father….is not getting better.

The doctors have informed me that, even sedated he whispers numbers, sequences, and indiscernible codes of information. He will do this for hours on end until his throat begins to bleed. He colors on his walls. The craftsmanship of his madness being a red oval shape with a misty composition. He laments that the color is off.

“It should be colorless. It would be so BEUATIFUL colorless” he rambles. The thing is…he paints with white paint.

On my last visit his madness had magnified. He clutched my wrists with his bony hand and screamed to me.

“It wasn’t a star! It was more, FAR more glorious. It is the perfect being! The PERFECT state of existence,” his pupils were hardly visible as he said this to me. I was stunned, and in my moment of hesitance he leaned forward and pressed  his skull against mine.

“It didn’t choose me….it chose you!” I didn’t stay to hear the rest of his madness.

My father died a few days later.

With his death my dreams have become more intense. They are always the same, but their vividness varies.  After experimentation I have discovered this vividness correlates with how close I sleep to the defunct laboratory. I can’t explain this, I can’t explain any of this. The only thing I can explain is:

I am moving the hell out of this state.
Title: The Fate of the Morgan

The USS Morgan was a Gleaves-class destroyer that went missing and was presumed lost in 1943. Given the war and its duties patrolling the Atlantic hunting U-boats and Italian submarines this wasn't seen as a great surprise and was chalked up to enemy action. No one claimed responsibility for sinking it, but again that’s not unheard of. For most people, even historians and aficionados, the USS Morgan is barely a footnote. But not for my family. For my family it was a great weight wrapped around us, dragging us down.

___

I watched the RV Shearwater disappear beneath the waves amidst a swirl of foaming water. The metal hull tore and ripped letting out a ghastly wail as of some great beast dying. The others of the crew who had made it to the beach stared with a look of divine horror that must have been present on my face too. We were all of us soaked and breathing hard from our mad scramble across the water to land. The ship had been caught and swirled inexorably to the center. It had been nothing short of madness born of a desperate desire to survive that had convinced us to bail out and attempt to swim. And yet...And yet we had encountered no resistance. As though whatever held the Shearwater tight in its grip was singularly uninterested in such insignificant things.

___

It's weird growing up with a monolithic tragedy in your family that you weren’t alive for. The sombre tone whenever it gets brought up, the mourning on important dates. My great-grandfather had already been missing for nearly sixty years when I was born, more than twenty when my mom was, yet I feel his loss in my life. This man who almost certainly would have died before I was born anyway. From an early age I wasn’t content to simply mourn; I needed to find out exactly what happened to the Morgan. If I’m honest with you in a way I never have been with my family: it doesn’t have to do with my great-grandfather, not really. It’s the mystery that fascinates me. It has captivated me since I was five years old. How does something so big just vanish? A Gleaves-class class destroyer measures 348 feet and 4 inches; it displaces between 1600 and 2400 tons of water. For perspective that’s about ten times the length of the Electra 10-E that Amelia Earhart went missing in and more than 450 times the weight. And it’s just gone. No reports of enemy action. No distress signal. No wreckage. No bodies.

___

The island was a paradise that couldn’t exist. We were 150 miles from land just inside the bay of the Ionian Sea with nothing but water around us when the whirlpool started. Whirlpool. I clung to the fallacy of that, desperate for things to be rational. Explainable. Looking over the injured that lay on the golden-white sand, it was hard to do. Of the 30 crew aboard the Shearwater 14 made it to shore. Fourteen. Not even half. Sixteen men and women dead, pulled to the depths by...

Most of us had made it with only superficial injuries. Bruises and scrapes sustained as the ship was pulled and twisted and we were thrown about. A few weren’t so lucky. The Chief Engineer, Allison, had caught her leg on something sharp and it had carved a wedge of flesh from her knee to her foot exposing her shin. The bone was inhumanly smooth and shiny as though someone had taken an industrial sander to it. Then there was the deckhand. I think his name was Robbie or Rabbie, maybe Rocky. I’m ashamed I don’t remember. I didn’t really speak to him during the expedition and after the incident, well, he wasn’t in much of a state for talking. One of my fellow researchers, Jayne, had been an EMT before going back to college to become an underwater archaeologist. Thank God she was there because the ship's medically trained officer was the Chief Mate who had stayed with the Captain to the end. Jayne did what she could with the resources available but she made it clear to the rest of us neither were likely to survive without immediate care. Silence fell at that; we all knew there was no help coming. How would they reach us even if there was? As if pulled by the same thought, we all stared at the now-calm waters. Searching for any sign of the thing we knew lay beneath.

“Whirlpools don’t have teeth.” Captain Allan had said in his thick Scottish accent. Then he'd began shouting commands and all about him the marine crew leapt into action.

___

My parents never understood it. The obsession. My dad thought it was a waste of time. “Ocean's big.” He’d say whenever I brought it up. “Took ‘em 70 years to find the Titanic and they knew where to look.” He was like that, matter of fact about everything. Tried to steer my interest to something more productive: Engineering, like him. Mom, well, mom couldn’t handle any talk about her grampa Jack. Said she found it too upsetting. Thanksgivings became even more awkward, any mention of ‘that' was likely to lead to an argument. No one on my mom's side cared about the mystery of it. I was shocked. Even my uncle John, the biggest conspiracy theorist I knew wasn't interested. He thought Bigfoot was a CIA assassin, but just blew off the disappearance of a destroyer.

So, I pretended to lose my interest. At least around them. At school, and later college, I’d be reading up on everything I could find about the Morgan, about the conflict in the Mediterranean during World War II. About ship disappearances and expeditions to find them. I never stopped trying to find out more about the USS Morgan. Sometimes, I think if I really had stopped then maybe so many wouldn’t have died.

___

Robbie was dead by nightfall that first day. I was glad his screaming had finally stopped. I hated myself for being glad, but I was. We’d decided to stay on the beach and send some people to range out tomorrow in different directions. Get an idea of how big this island was and if there was anything we could use to survive. Or, better yet, escape.

Sharp rocks jutted like fingers from the ground reaching out towards the sea and we hunkered in their shadow, a break from the wind. Griggs, the cook, managed to get a fire going. Him and the oceanographer, Bill, had made a brief foray out earlier for signs of human habitation. Griggs had tried to get me to come along, but I was still too shaken. They hadn’t found any, but they didn’t return empty handed. They’d found some firewood and a freshwater stream, little more than a trickle coming down from a hill they spied in the distance. The twelve of us sat in a loose circle around the fire, each lost in our own thoughts. Each pretending not to notice how the cries and moans had abruptly stopped. Pretending we didn’t know what it meant. The only thing worse than that grim silence was the sound that punctured it. A long, piercing howl that chilled the blood. Silence fell again, punctuated by the occasional crackle from the fire. I glanced around at the flickering faces of the others. Felt my heart beat quicken. Then the howling came again, closer now. Not just a single voice, but a chorus.

___

The National Archive have digitized a lot of their records, but not all of them. After wading through everything I could find on the Internet I knew I needed to see the rest. Documents relating to the Morgan were housed at the National Archive in College Park, Maryland. So, I joined a college trip to Washington DC and ubered the 30 minutes to the building. It was incredible. The building looks like 5 or 6 buildings smushed together, all dominated by glass windows in regular squares, some with a bit of concrete visible others almost none. Its a stark contrast to the one in DC itself, which is clearly Greco-Roman inspired with its columns and friezes. Then there was the contents. It’s dizzying the amount of information they have there and if you don't know what you’re looking for then God help you.

I spent hours pouring over documents, drowning in information. It was all so interesting to me, schematics, muster calls, logs. But it didn’t give me anything that pointed to where it was when it went missing that night in July 1943. At least, that’s what it seemed like. There, amidst the myriad of files that related to the USS Morgan was a photocopy of a scan of a report, the text so fuzzy after multiple conversions that it gave me a migraine reading it. It documented a list of naval losses for 1943 and amongst them was the Morgan; the entry simply read “missing, presumed lost.” But next to that, scrawled in pencil at some point was a single word.

SCYLLA?
___

We slept in shifts. We had no weapons and no plans beyond running if the wolves found us, but it felt good to do something. I took a two hour watch with Ekatarina, the ship's MT. The sky was a deep blue and the fires burned down to red embers, causing the sea to look almost the colour of wine. The wolves still howled, but it sounded distant now, on the edge of hearing.

Ekatarina had moved to the edge of the water, staring out over it. There was a rustle and my heart leapt, but it was just Griggs rolling over in his sleep. I decided to go stand with Ekatarina, hoping that would help my nerves. As I approached she bent down and grabbed a rock from the shore.

“-Charybdis.” She said before throwing the stone at the water. It sailed through the air before slamming into the water with more of a plop than a splash.

“Sorry.” I said, causing Ekatarina to jump. “Sorry.” I said again. She gave me a look as if she was trying to gauge how long I’d been standing there.

“In Kefalonia, we have a saying: ‘between Scylla and Charybdis’. It means having to choose between two bad options.”

“Like being stuck between a rock and a hard place.” I said, using the English expression. Ekatarina snorted at that.

“That is a saying? It sounds very silly.”

“I suppose it does, yeah." I smiled, for the first time considering the idiom. “Never really thought about it.” I didn’t need to ask what the options were. I stared out at where the Shearwater had been swallowed up as the wolves sang their terrible sonata.

The next morning we divided up into groups. Jayne would stay behind to look after Allison along Dr Rasmussen due to his age. Meanwhile the Bosun Niklas would head inland with the remaining deckhands Johnny, Lief, and Erika. Griggs, Jamie the assistant engineer, and the ship’s ETO, Thierry would head North-east. That left me, Ekatarina, and Bill to head south-east around the other side. If we found something we’d come back or send someone back. If we hadn’t found anything by midday, we’d turn around.

The island curved slowly and it was a while before we lost sight of base camp. We stuck to the beach for as long as we could, the sea to our right, so we wouldn’t lose our way. For the first few hours we continued in silence, until we came to the cliffs. It defies explanation the way they sprung on us. The ground off the beach started to slope away from us, rising gradually until all at once we curled round the beach to find jagged rocks looming over. They weren’t dissimilar to the ones by the base, but where those were thin columns staked into the ground, here it was a solid wall, jutting out further at the top.

“Do we double back a little and go up? Or see if the beach continues?” I asked.

“It doesn’t make sense.” Bill said. His hands were on his hips and he stared open-mouthed at the cliffs. “Make it make sense!” He yelled. I glanced around, anxious of the wolves that must surely be somewhere.

“Bill, keep it down.” I hissed.

“This island shouldn’t exist!” He continued. “I’ve sailed right through this stretch of sea before. Literally! And the tides. We should experience a shift from high to low twice a day here.” Ekatarina and I stared at him.

“What are you saying?”

“The tide hasn’t moved. I marked it. Last night, while I was on watch. A series of lines along the beach to measure how far the tide came in. It didn’t even cross the first marker.”

The silence hung there and for the first time I realised that the silence extended to the sea. I couldn’t hear the waves. They moved lazily in and out when I looked, but there was no noise. Ekatarina started walking off the beach and up into the interior. It only took a moment for my shock to clear and I was scrambling after her, Bill not far behind. The sand gave way to verdant earth with trees and bushes accentuating but never dominating the landscape. Once again I was struck by the beauty of it all. I could see Ekatarina up ahead, stopped in front of a bush. I picked up my pace, figuring she had found some edible berries. Instead, I was met with something that at once filled me with hope and confusion. There, curled up sleeping beneath the bush, lay a girl in a white dress.

___

Scylla. The name tickled a memory in my brain. It was an Italian naval operation during the war, but the specifics eluded me. I returned to DC and my field trip with renewed hope and a starting point. It didn’t take long once I was home to find out more. Scylla had been an operation for the Regia Marina, the Italian Navy, moving one of their light cruisers called the Scipione Africano. On the night of 17/18 July 1943 the Scipione had passed through the Messina Straits at high speed heading for Taranto and attacked four British torpedo boats waiting to ambush it. There was no mention of the Morgan, or any other ship but it wasn’t impossible to think that the two had encountered each other in the night and the Scipione as the larger, more powerful ship, had dealt the Morgan a fatal blow. If the Morgan hadn’t been sunk immediately, it likely would have limped towards Malta but obviously never made it.

I clung to my theory for years, all through college and my first job at a sleazy telemarketing company. I spent my days trying to sell questionable diet pills to the elderly and my nights sending emails to research organisations and archaeological institutes about my theory. I had very little success in either endeavour.

I was still living with my parents and we’d settled into a routine. We got along well, watched TV together in the evening after work. I did jigsaws with my mom every Friday and once a month we went out for dinner as a family, usually with my uncle John. He’d tell us about some article from the latest issue of Fortean Times while my dad slowly died inside. I honestly couldn’t tell how much John even believed what he said and how much was just to mess with my dad. It wasn’t perfect, but I was happy. Then the letter arrived and everything crumbled.

___

I didn’t see what happened to Ekatarina. One moment we were gathered around the girl, the next a wolf had stuck its head out of the bush. I focused on throwing one foot in front of the other as fast as possible without falling. The ground slid beneath me, my balance wavered, but I kept my momentum forward. My skull pulsed to the beat of my heart. Ahead of me Bill stumbled and fell face-first onto the sand; the girl giggled behind me. Then a shape darted past me, a blur of brown fur. A bone chilling scream was cut short as powerful jaws clamped down on Bill’s throat. My stomach heaved at the gurgling hiss that emanated from him, but I didn’t stop. The body of the wolf was parallel to me, stretching impossibly forward twenty feet to Bill. That’s what made me turn. My eyes followed the elongated torso of the wolf back and back and back. It must have been at least another forty feet before it ended and it didn’t end with the hind legs of a wolf. No. Instead, it disappeared beneath the billowing white dress of the girl. She was smiling playfully.

“Tréxe, pontikáki.” I had no idea what the words meant but her voice was hauntingly melodic. The wind caught her dress and I glimpsed more wolves lying in wait beneath, slavering and snarling. I ran. Away from her, away from Bill's body, away from the camp. I ran and her laughter pursued me.

___

The research vessel was owned and operated by an American non-profit organisation, registered in the UK, and docked at Thessaloniki. That’s where I met Captain Allen and Dr Rasmussen after I got the job. They’d just secured funding from the VA to search for lost US vessels in the Mediterranean. This was supplemented with contracts from Greece and Italy for oceanographic and hydrographic data.

“You been on a ship before?” Captain Allen asked me. He was a tall man and reminded me of the captain from Tintin with his navy-colored gansey, though his beard was a deep brown with hints of red and not black. I shook my head. I had been in the country less than an hour and hadn’t slept during the previous 18 it had taken me to get there.

Captain Allen grunted and shook his head. “Isn’t he a little young?” The question was directed at Rasmussen, who chuckled.

“He's old enough for this.” He said, English clearly not his first language. He proffered a wrinkled, veiny hand which I shook lightly lest I break something.

“We leave at 0600, assuming the weather holds so if there’s anything you need before we set off be quick about it.” With that Allen strode off, Rasmussen gave me a shrug but deigned to walk with me to the Shearwater. He was a congenial man, asking about my interests beyond naval history. There wasn’t a topic I mentioned that he didn’t have an interest in. He spoke with a genuine, almost childlike, joy about all of them whether it was classic sci-fi literature, Bruce Lee movies, or baseball. It did a lot to reassure me that everything would be OK. I’d been so terrified of this trip, of being out at sea with a bunch of strangers.

The RV Shearwater was 250ft long with the hull painted a deep blue and the superstructure in a pristine white. It looked like it had come straight from a repaint at a dry dock. An A-frame and crane stood out at the stern where the ROV could be deployed from. It was a marvel. I think about that moment a lot. The first time I saw the ship. I pour over it obsessively for any detail I missed. Any sign, however small, that we were being led like lambs to the slaughter.

___

I ran. I ran and I ran and I ran and I didn’t stop. Each breath felt like inhaling putrid smoke, each step like someone was swinging a sledgehammer at the soles of my feet, but I didn’t stop. The beach continued through a hole in the cliffs and the sand thinned, replaced with sun-cracked earth. Flotsam and jetsam littered the ground here, torn pieces of wreckage. My legs howled at me but I had no intention of stopping. However, in my haste and delirium I lost sight of what was underfoot. Something snagged my leg and I pitched forward. As I fell I was sure this was it. This was my last conscious moment on earth. The ground raced up to meet me and the bright world went black.

I awoke, that was the first surprise. The sun had set and a full moon shone in the cloudless sky providing ample light. The second was the boot prints. They led right up to where I’d been lying and then continued off down the beach. Someone had found me as I lay unconscious. And they’d left me. I tried not to dwell on what that might mean and instead cast my eyes around for something, anything, I could use as a weapon. At my feet was a forearm, muscle gone but tendons still holding the bones together; I shuddered at the sight. Even after seeing Bill devoured, I was not inoculated to the horrors of the island. There were more pieces on the beach. Bones that I could pretend were from some animal, others that I couldn’t. Then there was the wreckage. A winch from a trawler, a catamaran's crossbeam, a rudder from a small boat, probably a yacht. They all bore signs of wear, some minor, others seeming to have been left there for years. Then I spotted a length of pipe half-buried in the earth. As I approached it I could see that one end flared out slightly, while towards the other the smooth metal bulged and became grooved. My hand reached out for it with trepidation. It wasn’t a pipe; it was a barrel. I’m not an expert in guns, or cannons, by any stretch, but immediately my mind went to a 20mm Oerlikon anti-aircraft cannon. The kind that the Morgan had on its deck. It was about a foot and a half long and would make a decent club if nothing else so I pulled it free and, not knowing what else to do, set off in the direction of the bootprints.

___

There was an unspoken divide on the Shearwater. The ship crew and the research crew worked apart, ate apart, slept apart. The only exception was Dr Rasmussen, he was the much-loved grandfather at an awkward thanksgiving. I spent most of my time with Jayne and Bill, both of whom were also recent appointees. They’d worked together for another RV before hopping over to the Shearwater because of the better pay. They were laughing about their last job and how Bill managed to get a mouthful of seawater because Jayne had collected a sample for him in a water bottle when Captain Allen came in and all the naval crew hopped to their feet. I looked to Jayne and Bill, Bill shrugged, and we all rose too. “You all know why we’re here.” He said, staring at table where his crew sat, before turning an intense glare on us. “I don’t care if this is your first voyage or your five hundredth; there will be no complacency on my ship. Understood?”

“Yes, captain!” The crew said in unison. Captain Allen bored his eyes into us once again.

“Aye, aye cap'n.” Bill said, giving a salute. Jayne whacked his arm.

“Understood.” She said.

“Uh, yeah. I mean, yes, captain.” I said. He huffed and left again. Everyone took their seats and resumed eating. The captain never ate with us. In fact, I rarely saw him and we never spoke directly. He would always fix me with this stare that was somewhere between resentment and...regret, maybe? Looking back, that’s what I think it was. So, I kept my head down around him or kept out of his way. If I had any questions I’d ask Dr Rasmussen, or Ekatarina, of course.

Ekatarina. I was sort of in awe of her. She spoke Greek, well she was Greek, but I’d never met anyone who spoke Greek. She was in charge of keeping all the oceanographic equipment working so she spent much of the work day with Bill, usually arguing with him about his treatment of the gear. The ROV was a particular point of contention, with Ekatarina insisting Bill not use it.

“I have literal years of experience controlling these things.” Bill said during their last argument on the matter.

“If you touch the controls again, I will break your hands.” Ekatarina used that expression a lot, but only when she said it to Bill did she sound like she meant it. He held up his hands in mock surrender and backed away from the controls. “Malaka.” She shook her head and left. Bill turned to look at me with a glint in his eye and a dangerous smile on his lips.

“I'm gonna drive it.”

___

I followed the footprint as they moved farther down the beach. The strip of sandy earth narrowed, forcing me to press up against the cliff face and I was glad the water was calm. Of course, that reminded me of what Bill had said about the never-moving sea and then about what Bill had suffered. The way his jaw had...I leaned on the rock and took a minute to compose myself before continuing on.

The beach gave way to rocky outcrops that I had to step across to continue on my path until I could see that they, too, ended. I would have turned back, but I thought of the tracks in the sand. They hadn’t doubled back. Had whoever left them simply leapt into the water? It didn’t seem likely. I pushed on, needing to hop over to the final stretch as it was further away than I could otherwise reach. There were remnants of wooden poles, stakes, and planks here. Stuck in the ground, emerging from the water, they were damp and rotten with disrepair but I got the impression it had been a dock once. Opposite the remnants, there was a gap in the rock, about as wide as the dock itself would have been originally. From within I could see a flicker of light, deep orange. A fire. I moved in cautiously, holding the pipe like a bat, ready to swing.

The tunnel ran straight a short distance before opening to a large chamber. A brass bowl the size of a small dinghy rested at the heart, a fire blazing within it. The smell coming from it was warm and slightly sweet, like burned sugar. Light quivered on the walls which I could see were covered in markings. I moved closer, trying to work out what they were. At first I thought it was English, but I quickly realised it wasn’t. I ran a hand over the deep carving and they felt smooth. How long had they been there?

“It's Greek.” A voice said behind me. I jumped and nearly headbutted the wall. The strange cave had made me forget I was following someone. I turned to see Ekatarina rise from the other side of the brazier.

“You're alive.” I felt breathless seeing her.

“Unlike Bill.” She said. I opened my mouth to explain, to apologise, to rationalise. But I stayed silent. What could I say. I hung my head in shame before turning back to the letters.

“What does it say?”

“Much.” She said. I looked back at her, waiting for more and she made me wait before finally continuing. “It is the agreement. Between this island’s inhabitant and the world beyond.”

“Agreement?” I asked. A sense of dread grew in me then. The first inkling that something deeper was happening. Ekatarina moved closer, scanning the walls.

“That if we feed her, she will stay here.” I shuddered at Ekatarina’s words, unsure what to say. Then pain exploded in my shoulder and all rational thought fled me. I fell to my knees dropping the barrel. I glanced back to find Ekatarina standing over me, a sailing knife in her hand, wet with my blood.

“Scylla and Charybdis.” She said.

___

I tried to talk Bill out of it, but he waved me away. The ship was rocking dangerously and even without Ekatarina’s warning, it was a terrible time to launch the ROV.

“How are we gonna find anything if we never use it?” He said. He had a point.

“Maybe you’re right.” I conceded. “But look at the water. Surely we shouldn’t be launching it in these conditions.” There was a look on his face as he considered this and I thought he would see sense and back down. Unfortunately, that’s when Jayne came over.

“We doing this?” She asked, moving over to the winch controls.

“Wait, you two were planning this?”

“Of course.” Jayne said. “You can’t just deploy randomly. We’ve got scans of the area and the ship is anchored for a couple of hours while Allison does her engine cycling and diagnostic.”

“It is, quite literally, now or never for us to be able to take her for a spin.” Bill said, once again at the ROV's control laptop.

“What do you want me to do?” I said.

“Check the umbilical wire is secured.” Bill called, tapping away. I didn’t know what an umbilical wire was, but could make a guess based on the name. A thick cable snaked along the deck before going up over the crane and connecting to the ROV. I stared at the connection blankly.

“It’s secure.” I said, hopefully.

“And here.” Jayne said, operating the winch. There was a deep whirring as the ROV ascended. “We.” The crane swung out over the edge of the ship. “Go.” The ROV dropped with a whistle and a splash. I rushed to stare at the screen over Bill’s shoulder but all I could see was blue. The winch whirred and whistled as the ROV descended until it finally stopped. A cloud of dirt burst on the screen as the ROV touched down on the sea floor.

“Whoops.” Bill said, moving the controls to raise it up and look around. “Oh-ho, here we go.” He said after a minute causing Jayne to scramble over.

“what have we got?” She asked; I couldn’t see anything interesting.

“There.” Bill jabbed a finger at the screen, what appeared to be just another bit of seabed. He moved the ROV closer and I saw the light glint off of something metal.

“Is that -?” Jayne began.

“Yup. Pay dirt.” Bill said. The ROV continued along. It was part of a hull. Barely visible between time, water, and mud were numbers painted on it. 4 and 3 visible, with the final number illegible due to damage, the metal torn and twisted. My heart was in my throat. The hull number matched the USS Morgan. I’d found it. I was barely aware of Bill and Jayne's continued conversation. Or the changing display as the ROV swept past the hull fragment towards other pieces of wreckage. All I could think about was the numbers. I’d found it. I’d actually found it.

“What in the hell do you think you’re doing?” The booming voice of Captain Allen cut through their revelry and my ruminating. “Get that thing back on the ship. Now!” There was more than just anger in his voice; there was panic.

“Of course, captain.” Jayne darted over to the winch controls and started them up. They whirred briefly, then there was a loud kthunk and the machinery stopped. Something flashed in front of the screen for a split second and the feed cut out. Then the winch groaned and suddenly the umbilical wire was pulling away rapidly. It reached the end of its line and then the whole ship rocked and began moving backward. The wire disappeared into the water almost immediately, but I could see that it was taut and in the distance the sea was beginning to roil.

“Whirlpool!” Someone yelled from the bridge. The captain cursed and began heading for the bridge himself, unsure what to do I followed.

“Cut the line, and dump anything non urgent.” He yelled to Ekatarina as she emerged heading the other way. She nodded and set off at a run. Dr Rasmussen was already in the bridge, along with the chief mate and the bosun. Allen snatched a pair of binoculars from their peg and focused on the threading mass of water.

“Full power, angle fifty degrees port; I want that thing firmly to our aft.” Captain Allen said, the chief mate gave a nod and set to.

“Captain, you’re overreacting.” Dr Rasmussen said, clasping him on the shoulder. “It is just a whirlpool.” I balked. Just a whirlpool, as if that wasn’t serious.

“Whirlpools don’t have teeth.” He spat, pushing Rasmussen away and slamming the binoculars down and started snapping off further commands. I picked up the binoculars and stared back at the thing. My blood froze. The water churned and span, guided by bright white triangles. Teeth. Like sharks' teeth, but much larger, they must have been as big as my palm at least and there were hundreds of them. Concentric circles of teeth, some spinning clockwise, others anticlockwise. And we were being pulled towards it. The engine huffed and yowled, but our pace never slowed. Whatever it was, it had us. It had us and we couldn’t escape. I dropped the binoculars and ran for the life raft.

Other members of the crew were already there, of course, kicking and shoving each other. One raft for 30 people and it would seat 8, perhaps 10 without sinking. It was overfull and others were being beaten back. The ship lurched again and Ekatarina bowled into me, sending us both to the deck. The raft dropped into the water with a plop. I scrambled up and rushed to the gunwale. The raft was holding, though several people had been thrown clear of it by the sudden drop, among them I saw Bill floundering. It was only because I was looking at him, stationary in the water, that I realised how quickly we were being dragged towards the watery maw. For as fast as it was, though, the raft moved even faster. It was mere seconds before the teeth sliced easily through it. I heard a woman scream loud and piercing before all became a cacophony of yelling and shouting and blood geysered from what had once been the raft. I cast one last look at Bill, still floating in place, and dove off the ship.

___

“Why don’t you just kill me.” I asked, grunting as fresh pain surged through the stab wound when she tied my hands. “Live. Food.” She clinked her knife against words on the wall as she spoke and I wished I’d never asked. She began lifting me up, at first I resisted but then the knife was at my throat. “Live does not have to mean whole.” I complied.

She marched me all the way back to camp. If she grew tired as the sun slowly rose during our trek, she showed no sign of it. Nor did she speak to me, just gave me a jab to the ribs if I talked or slowed at all. I was relieved when I spotted the fingers of rock in the distance and knew we were close. My feet burned with pain and the rest of my body felt cold, despite the sun. Before we made it to camp, we found Niklas and the deckhands. What was left of them. The sand was mired with blood and only scraps of clothing and gore were in evidence. It was only because of a piece of skull that I knew who it was. The eye was still present, a deep grey, and the pale skin of the forehead still had a tuft of fiery red hair attached, though it was all caked in blood and lay atop a rock. I stopped at the sight of it all and vomited. I had nothing to throw up but the lining of my stomach and it burned my throat before the yellowy mess flecked onto the sand.

“Malakía.” Ekatarina cursed. “Fool, Niklas. Keep moving.” She jabbed me in the ribs and I grunted in pain as my shoulder electrified, but I moved before she did it again. I kept my head down, focusing on my next shuffling step, trying hard not to fall. I felt so weak. One more prod, the slightest rock, a strong gust of wind; any would be enough to send me crashing to the floor. Then the camp came into view and a small reserve of energy spurred me forward at barely more than Ekatarina’s walking pace. I could see Jayne crouched over the prone form of Allison, and Dr Rasmussen on his knees before...

She was there on the beach. Her white gown ruffling as if in the breeze, though there was none. She was smiling sweetly as she stared at Dr Rasmussen, begging for his life. It stripped me of my remaining resolve and my knees buckled. My breath came out ragged and my vision went spotty at the edges. Ekatarina stopped next to me, hands on her hips.

“Please.” Rasmussen pleaded, hands clasped before him. “Our ship was destroyed."

The girl barked a laugh. “Xypnás tin aderfí mou me dikí sou efthýni.”

“It was an accident.” He said, clearly he understood her. “We were heading for the usual spot.”

I needed to throw up. He was in on it too. The whole expedition was, what, a cover for sacrifices to this thing.

“I’ve lit the brazier, pickup should be here shortly. Niklas and his crop were all accepted” Ekatarina headed over to Dr Rasmussen, careful to keep him between her and the girl.

“Niklas, too?” Dr Rasmussen sounded dismayed. Ekatarina nodded. He glanced back and saw me and he smiled. He smiled. It wasn't the warm smile I'd gotten used to on the Shearwater, it was self-satisfied. Smug. He turned back to the girl.

“Please accept these offerings and, in your magnanimity, allow us to rest on your island until our friends arrive.” He spread his arms wide. I think Jayne may have started weeping at this; I know I did.

“Den tróo ta perissévmata tis aderfís mo.” The girl said, before her eyes cast over Jayne, and then me. Her smile grew. It was so genuine and childlike my skin crawled. “To pontikaki me kánei na chamogeláo. Boreí na zísei.”

“W-what?” Dr Rasmussen sputtered, while Ekatarina gasped. I didn’t have time to even try to guess at what she had said. The girl's smile turned to a snarl and she lurched forward so far she should have fallen, but instead she was moving forward faster than should have been possible. She collided with Jayne and knocked her onto her back. The girl sat atop her smiling wolfishly as her dress began to shift, things rippling beneath it. Jayne screamed and a spurt of blood burst into the air.

I closed my eyes before the worst of it. The girl didn’t make it quick as her wolves ate Jayne. Her screams bore into my soul and my mind conjured up horrors as the sounds of flesh tearing and jaws snapping filled the gaps of Jayne gulping in air between screams. The smell of blood and gore and waste. I don’t know how long it went on for, it seemed an eternity. Even after Jayne's screams gave way to gurgles and then silence, the wet chomping of the wolves had continued.

Ekatarina shook me from my misery and pulled me to my feet. We moved across the island, thankfully our pace was slow due to Dr Rasmussen. I didn’t know where we were going; I didn’t know why they hadn’t killed me yet. I was sure this was a death march, but I was so numbed I couldn’t even fight it. Nobody spoke and if the girl was still nearby I never saw her. The island couldn’t have been very big as it took us less time to cut through the middle than it had to get from the cave back to camp. There was another beach this side and I could see a dock. Intact and well maintained, not like the one by the cave. Griggs, Jamie, and Thierry were there sat on wooden crates. The sight of them didn’t inspire any hope, instead I wondered which of them would kill me.

“Ho, there!” Griggs called with a wave when he spotted us. “Where’s Niklas?”

“Unfortunately, he will not be joining us.” Dr Rasmussen said, sounding solemn. It was amazing how quickly he slipped back into the kindly role he wore.

“And him?” Thierry said. This was it, I knew. Now they would kill me.

“She said he could live.” Ekatarina said, sounding so angry she could spit. I just blinked, the words not really registering. Then, I started laughing, deep painful laughter that soon mingled with crying. I fell to my knees, but was quickly hoisted up again as the men came over.

“She is a mad devil that one, no?” Thierry clucked as he helped me over to a crate. I sat down heavily and before long I was asleep.

A ship came to pick us up full of more people who must have known about all this. They dressed my stab wound, gave me some food, then docked near Syracuse just long enough to throw me off the ship before leaving. That was it. No explanation, no threat not to tell anyone. Nothing but a scar and nightmares to tell me that it ever happened. I never told my family what happened, about the fate of the Morgan. But I needed to get it off my chest even if they kill me for it.
Title: I did a favour for a guest

Content warning: references to child abuse 

I'd like to say there comes a time in every young man's life that he finds himself in my situation but I don't think many are going to be able to relate to me on this. 

He said that all I had to do was drive a few miles with a delivery for him. I wasn't to ask him what it was or to view the contents of what two slightly intimidating eastern European men loaded into the boot of my car. All I knew is that it made the chassis dip significantly when they put it down. 

I was told I was to get to my destination before dawn and that I wasn't to stop for anything. If the road was out, go around. If I got stopped by the police? Well, they told me that wouldn't be a problem. 

I'd maintained a squeaky clean licence apart from a minor speed infraction. Ninety five pounds and three hours of my life later and I was a stand up citizen fully educated on the benefits of the UK smart motorway system. So I figured the police wouldn't have a reason to bother me anyway. 

I mounted my phone onto my dashboard and punched in the postcode they had given me. The destination was around six hours away. Some small village in Scotland. I'd done a similar drive before on my honeymoon to Stirling before so I figured it would be easy. 

Of course my wife didn't know what I was doing tonight. To her I was doing a last minute night shift that had been sprung on me by my job. I hated lying to her. But this was for her, for us even. I was set to pocket ten grand for one night of driving. I figured this was most likely drugs. I didn't care, I wanted to make the best life for us. 

Looking back I'm not regretful that I took this job but I should have realised from the circumstances of the offer that it wouldn't be something so benign as a street pharmacist’s supply run. 

I was about fifty miles into the journey just out past Birmingham that I started to think about how the offer came about. I had a regular guest stay at the hotel I worked at. He was a peculiar guy. For the sake of anonymity we will call him Mr Edwards. No particular reason. It's just a simple name. 

Mr Edwards approached me on a particularly quiet evening to chat about the usual bluster of our small town. What places were having events, what shows were on at the theatre. Our topic of conversation always boiled down to that. Turns out having the world's most famous playwright as your town's claim to fame makes it all anyone talks about. 

After he had finished telling me about the latest production of Hamlet that was set on a ship for some reason, his demeanor changed and he spoke to me in a lowered tone. 

“You ever wonder how I can afford to stay here so much? How I see all these shows. I got the best seats you know?”

Mr Edwards wrapped his fingers on the polished wood front desk and smiled at me eagerly. Given my history of social anxiety I couldn't look back at him and pretended to be typing up an email on my computer 

“Well sir, i just kinda thought you had a good position at a big company before you retired and you are living off a big pension and assets.” 

He shook as his antiquated lungs made his chest convulse as he half laughed half coughed ending in him slamming his wrinkled palm down 

“No, my boy. I've never retired.” He straightened his jacket and looked at me again with his milky white eyes. His cataracts had gotten so thick I wouldn't be surprised if the actors on stage were just coloured splotches in his vision. 

“Though I do grow tired of my position. Someone will be replacing me in a few weeks.” I managed to muster up the bravery to look at him after he spoke. There was genuine sadness in his face. Like he loved his profession so much that he was scared to let go. 

“I'm sorry to hear that sir. If anything it will give you more time to see shows.” My attempt at a bright side had done little to ease the old man's sorrow. Mr Edwards seemed frailer in that moment than I had ever seen him. Like looking at a more decrepit Monty Burns. 

“It makes me feel so young. My job. I don't want to be one of those octogenarians that just sit in a chair to die. But I can't do this last one.” Edward sighed as he leaned on his walking stick. 

“Well I don't know if there is but if there is anything I can do to help make things better for you during your visits I will.” 

There it was. One of the most casually said offers I had ever thrown out. When his face lit up and he beamed a huge smile I grimaced as his leather like skin drew taught over his boney visage. 

“I have an offer. You do one thing for me to help with my job. I will give you ten grand in cash. Just don't tell those thieves at HMRC ay?” 

His body shook again violently as his laughter sent him into a coughing fit. I had hoped I wouldn't have to use my first aid training. I didn't like the idea of mouth to mouth on him. 

I weighed the options in my mind. Whilst ten grand in this economy wouldn't hurt it wouldn't be life changing money. It would help me and my wife move into a different rental house in a better area. We had been wanting kids and this could really help with that. 

“What is it you do sir?” I had to wait until Mr Edwards had pulled himself out of his coughing fit before I got an answer. One of the barmen came to the lobby to check everything was ok but when they saw that it was Mr Edwards they shot me a knowing look and swiftly turned heel, afraid to get caught in conversation with him.

“Every week I do a drive to a small town in Scotland and back. That's all.” 

Really? That was it? All Mr Edwards had done his entire working life was a drive up and down the country and somehow he was flush with wealth? 

“Mr Edwards, are you a drug mule?” 

That was the only explanation I could see for this. Like that Clint Eastwood movie. Choose the most unassuming guy for the job. Yet again Mr Edwards shrivelled form convulsed in laughter and hacking coughs. 

“No my boy but I do transport something. I've seen that you have a vehicle of your own from when you have come and gone from this place. Do this for me and you would make an old man very happy” 

My attention was drawn back to the road as my car dashboard flashed an alert “remember to take breaks” with a little animated steaming coffee cup. It mocked me with its jovial tone but from this I knew I had been on the road for three hours. The funny thing was I don't remember much of it at all. 

I took a sip of the energy drink in my cup holder and shuffled in my seat to try and ease some of the stiffness in my right leg. These drinks barely touched me anymore. In no other word I had been addicted since college. I'd finish one and then reach into my bag and crack another. 

I had swapped them for another vice for a number of years once I turned eighteen. Since beating that I had returned to my old habit once more. Funny, sometimes the whiskey still called to me when I'd pass it in the hotel bar. 

“You are a disgrace” 

I slammed on the breaks almost loosing control as the tires squealed on the empty motorway. I had been listening to a podcast on my car's speakers but this voice was different from the hosts. One host held a southern drawl that the other mocked incessantly but this voice was neither of them. 

I looked around the back seat and saw no one. I rewound the podcast to see if it had been some sort of joke jumpscare but all I heard was one host making fun of the others' large lips. I got out and turned on my phone light as I walked around the car to its rear 

The bulb in my car's boot had been broken for years. It was like staring into a black void on that empty road. I shone my phones light in to reveal a half empty bottle of oil, the dregs of a bottle of coolant and a small wooden box that sat exactly in the middle. 

As I reached my hand out to touch it my phone chimed

 “Get back in the car” 

The message blazed across the screen of my phone causing me to blink a few times to be able to see it properly. Figures whoever had Mr Edwards moving this thing would have some way of tracking it. They must have known I'd stopped. 

Looking for it now I can't find that message in any of my texts or apps. This was the push I needed to just get this over with. I had another couple of hours to go and I just wanted to get paid and forget this whole thing. 

I accelerated with a fury and speed that I had not driven with since I last saw my father. We were at a dinner for my step mother and I was having a very bad time mentally. I had taken a second to get some air outside and he came out shouting and yelling like usual. 

I let him have it. I told him what I thought of him and how he had been as a father. I let him see every physical and emotional scar he had left me with. He had pretended to be a better man with his new wife but I knew what he really was. 

“The thing that's the most fucked up is that you won't acknowledge what you have done! You have created this new personality and acted like what you did to me didn't happen” 

I saw the break in his facade when I spoke those words to him. For the first time his new wife and those he had sold a lie to saw what I saw when he struck me that night. 

“You are a disgrace” 

Those were the last words he had ever said to me. I grabbed my jacket from the bench it lay on and I drove out of there so fast my car flung stones from the parking lot into the air. I don't remember how long I drove around that night. I just remembered finding myself at a service station a hundred miles away when the sun came up.

I saw the blue and white sign coming up ahead and chuckled to myself as I mimed the sound of bagpipes with the corner of my mouth. I'd always loved Scotland. Me and my wife had first come up here just before we got engaged. 

I was hit with a wave of overwhelming nostalgia as I remember gliding down the motorways in her little Toyota whilst we listened to a playlist of songs from outdated memes. I always tormented her with the over nine minute long “bury the light” she still gets set off when she sees “Casey Edwards” show up on the cars screen

The air B and B we had stayed in was nothing more than a shack on a rock they called an island that was infested with mould. The owner's daughter was quite casual about the fact that you had to put your head inside the gas oven with a lighter to get it on. It had a hot tub though. We made good use of that under the stars……

The wide motorways gave way to one lane roads in the last hour of my journey. I had to slow my pace significantly as the fog that rolled off of the mountains had coated the road in a deep veil. It came to a point that I only knew a corner was coming because of the GPS on my phone. I was flying blind.

“I'm sorry Sam but we are gonna have to call your mother about this” 

Why was I hearing that? Why now? I hadn't been in high school in over ten years. The threat of a call to my mother had lost its sting a lifetime ago so why did I feel the fear I felt as a young boy covered in cuts and bruises sat in the councillors office? 

“What you need to understand son is that it's all bullshit. Everything you see here is bullshit.” 

The ramblings of my father's drunken friend at his wedding as I a ten year old boy sat terrified trapped in a booth between him and my passed out father as the party winded down. 

“You stupid boy!” 

I felt the burn of a swift slap on my cheek from my mother. I had been left at home during a family trip with her new boyfriend and I had eaten a whole multipack of hula hoops because seven year old me didn't know how to properly feed himself

“Hello chick. It's good to see you again” 

I looked into the fog as a kind face appeared in its ghostly vapours 

“Those kids at school were horrible to you again weren't they?” 

I felt the wind rush against my face as I swung back and forth and back and forth trading a view between the soft plastic ground and the open blue sky. I breathed deep as I took in the clear air and looked forward during my swing to see her standing at the gate across the field.

She waved me inside as her old brown dog ran out of the gate towards me. I leapt off the swing in a big finish. Stumbling as I fell to my knee but I got right back up. I ran as fast as my little legs could carry me across the bright green grass 

The dog looped around me twice as she had always done before racing me back to the gate. I wasn't gonna let her win this time. I've got this. I can beat her to the gate. I ran arms outstretched in front of me as I reached up to the hand offered to me. 

“Hey! Are you listening to me?” 

The boot of my car slammed shut as the man at my window knocked again. I cautiously rolled it down. 

“You made good time. Here this is what you’re owed” 

He handed me an open brown envelope. I could see king Charles scowling back at me inside.

“We are gonna fill up your tank and then you are gonna head home ok? Mr Edwards is grateful for your help. We will let him know.” 

The drive home was entirely uneventful. No more nostalgic thoughts. No more haunting memories. Just me and the road. I didn't get home until the sun had started to come up and by then my phone had died. I really should have bought a charger with me. 

I crawled into bed with my wife as our young black cat yelled at me for attention. I gave him a good scratch on his tiny head and he settled down as I fell into a deep sleep. I didn't dream then and was only awoken in the afternoon by the local crack head yelling about his partner being a whore. 

My next shift into work I saw Mr Edwards again. His demeanor had changed. He had forsaken his cane and walked with newfound purpose. He gave me a creepy smile as he always did though from the quick glance I could swear his milky eyes looked more lucid. 

“So my boy. I hear you did well.” he chuckled and I braced myself for his coughing fit and violent convulsions but they didn't come. He just smiled at me with his signature grin. 

“Uhhh yeah. I think I might have been a little tired on the road. Little bit of highway hypnosis but I got there” 

“Ah now you see my boy. I told you my job made me feel young” he turned to look and see if anyone else was around before he spoke again. 

“How do you feel about doing it again for me? Double rate this time?” He shifted his eyebrows as he eagerly awaited my reply. 

That brings me to now. I'm sitting in my car about to do one of Mr Edwards deliveries again. I know that something isn't right but I don't care. I get paid. It's not just that though. I hope I get to see her again. I don't even care about the grey hairs I found on my pillow this morning.
Title: Garden Joe: Redneck Wizard - Part 4/4

Part 1. 

And when the day comes that I feel well enough to post this transcription, do keep in mind: you read it at your own peril. I will not be held responsible for any kind of distress it may cause you. You will have to take the story at face value and figure out what it means for yourself.

I will not clarify anything. 

Good day and good luck. 

Don’t try to find me.

— The Professor
Title: The music from the woods

I’ve always been an overly cautious person, even as a child. I rarely ever do anything without imagining every possible outcome that could occur, but i tend to mainly focus on the negatives. Blame it on bad childhood or whatever, but I’ve been this way for as long as I can remember. 

When I turned 19, I got diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic. My mind would throw itself into these horrible scenarios and as a result I’d start hearing things or sometimes seeing them. Often random things coinciding with my delusions, voices of people I believed wanted to harm me, footsteps in an empty house or knocks on the door with nobody there, small things that could be heard clearly, with no confusion as to what they were. 

Over the years, things slowly got better. I went to therapy, found a great husband who supports me and a loving dog who often helps me distinguish if I’m hallucinating or not, but through all of that, one hallucination that has stayed has been the music box. 

This particular hallucination didn’t start until I moved into this house with my husband, an older double wide trailer out in the country, surrounded by trees. I often hear it at night, randomly. I’m never able to predict when I’ll hear it again, but it’s always the same. The sound of a music box coming from the woods behind the house, just loud enough to hear but feint enough to completely disappear if I try to focus on it. It always gives me this strong urge to go out and follow it, to find the source of the sound. I never do. I don’t know these woods that well and I’m terrified of getting lost. 

A few months ago, a friend of ours gave us some old porcelain dolls. My husband is a huge fan of them and I don’t mind them either. My mother in law loves them as well and just recently lost her whole collection, so last night my husband and I were going through the ones we have to possibly gift one to her for Christmas. We decided on this cute little red haired one, designed to look like it’s sitting, but as we were looking at it we discovered a little wide key on its back. Aside from the creepy music from the woods, I am quite a fan of music boxes so I turned the key a few times, excited to hear the tune. That excitement quickly faded, however, as this doll holds the same tune that I’ve been hearing for years. 

I asked my friend about it and she said she wasn’t sure where she got it from, but that she was eager to get rid of it. She said she used to have it in her room as a child and strange things would happen often, odd sounds, shadow figures, objects moving when they shouldn’t. Said she just assumed she had an overactive imagination as a child. 

The worst part is, when I played it for my husband, to show him what I’ve been hearing all these years, he said that he’s heard it too, multiple times, but just chalked it up to random hallucinations or often times sleep deprivation. 

I put it on our fireplace mantle for the time being, I don’t know what to do with this thing. How is it possible that we’ve been sharing the same hallucination all these years? Is it even actually a hallucination in that case? This thing freaks me the hell out. I’m sitting on the couch but keep getting the urge to look back at this doll, expecting, waiting for it to move.
Title: My Friends Body Was Found, But She Is Right In Front Of Me

I want to start this off my saying I am horrified. My friend Karla has been living with me for a few years now. We decided to rent an apartment together, since it would be cheaper than trying to live on our own. 

Karla is a very outdoorsy person, she loves nature, herbs, flowers, and animals, she’s basically the biggest hippie you could ever know. I love her for it, we get along great because I too love all of those things, just on a much calmer level. Karla often takes long camping trips, sleeping in the woods for weeks with no socials or contact. I could never spend that much time outdoors, I love being outside but I couldn’t handle the sweat, bug bites and lack of social interaction. 

A couple of months ago, she took on a particularly grueling camping trip in the mountains. She would be back packing through the woods, carrying around her tent, food, water and supplies. I was a little worried for her, but I knew if anyone could do it, it would be her. Karla set off on her trip, we had hugged and talked before she left and I wished her well. I knew I wouldn’t be hearing from her, since she would always turn her phone off when she got to the forest. She was planning to be gone for three weeks, which was the longest she had been gone for. The apartment was incredibly lonely in her absence. 

After the first week, my phone pinged and a message from her lit up my screen. I was a bit shocked because like I said before, she never used her phone on her trips. It was a picture of a waterfall in the forest, it was beautiful, it led down into a stream surrounded by flowers and beautiful elm trees. There was a giant willow tree in the foreground beyond the stream. The picture came with a message that read “thinking of you :)” I hearted the picture and replied “Im surprised you turned on your phone, but that is beautiful” she simply hearted my reply, and we went back to radio silence. 

A few days passed and I got another message from her. It was another picture, this time of a ruined cottage, it was falling down, the roof almost completely collapsed into the house, trees and plants wrapped around it, and butterflies flew past the screen, landing on flowers that were darted out across the long grass. This time the only text was a simple heart emoji. I hearted the picture and sent back “how is the trip going?”. My message was seen but she never replied. 

I didn’t think much of it, I figured her phone had probably died. Over a week out in the forest, with no charger I wondered how its battery would have lasted this long. I was making myself some ramen noodles, when I heard the front door unlock. I jumped back startled, as Karla walked into the room. She set down her things, she was covered in dirt, sweat and honestly looked like shit. “Holy shit K are you ok?!” I said, truly concerned. She looked up at me and her eyes felt lifeless. “Everything’s good Sasha, just really need to shower!”. I thought it was strange, she wasn’t supposed to be home for days, and she never called me by my full name, she has been calling me Sash since we first met. 

Karla took her things to her room and spent a few hours in the bathroom. She came out in fresh clothes and looked a lot better, but she had fresh scratches across her arms, scabs on her face and her eyes looked haunted. Like she has seen something that had scarred her. “Is everything ok? You don’t seem alright” I pried. “Im fine Sasha, Its just been a shitty week ok!” She said it in a harsh tone, a tone id never known she had. I backed off. 

I went to bed early that night, hoping tomorrow she would be ready to talk about what happened. Karla didn’t sleep that night, I heard rustling around in the kitchen, since my bedroom had been a wall behind it. I thought it was weird but I fell back to sleep anyway. The next morning I was watching tv on the couch when Karla stepped out of her room. “CAN YOU TURN THAT SHIT DOWN!” She yelled and slammed her door. I was startled and fumbled for the remote. “I-Im sorry I didn’t know it was so loud!” I turned the tv down. It wasn’t that loud though, I never listened to the tv loud as it would bother me. The tension was high and I didn’t understand what was happening. 

I was scrolling tiktok on my phone, trying to drown out my thoughts when a text appeared. It was from Karla, another picture, this time it was a cave opening. Flowers and vines coated the stone around the cave, and a little bird was perched on a small plant in the view of the camera. The message read “my trip has been going really well! tomorrow I am going to be hiking up the mountain” I was incredibly confused, and my heart started to beat a little faster. 

I didn’t reply, I didn’t understand what kind of mind games she was playing, but I was pissed. She came out of her room and sat down at the kitchen counter, she was reading a book, I had never seen before, it was in a language I couldn’t make out. I shut off the tv and went back into my room. I didn’t say a word to her and she didn’t say anything to me. I took to scrolling facebook, looking at pointless memes, AI images and the occasional town news article. I had been scrolling for a few minutes when an article appeared with the cover image of Karla! It was a picture I had taken of her, and the caption of the article read “Body Of Mutilated Hiker Identified” 

I was astounded, my heart raced and my hands became clammy, the article was real! It was posted that day from our local police station. It had hundreds of comments, mourning the loss of my very alive friend. I kept reading. “The body discovered on June 3rd has been identified as Karla Rae Rhodes, a 23 year old resident of elmwood. The cause of death has been determined to have been an animal attack, it is believed that Karla had been mauled by a mountain lion in the night. Family has been informed and funeral services will be announced as soon as possible” 

I dropped my phone. June 3rd was only three days after she had left. She had sent me the first text message, a week into her trip, on the 7th day of June. I read through our texts, the dates, the times. My heart raced, and my thoughts consumed my mind. How is this possible, who is in my apartment. Who has been texting me?! What the hell happened to Karla?! I am devastated, horrified! I immediately texted Karlas mom, who confirmed the article, and apologized for not calling me sooner. 

As I sit here writing this, whatever is pretending to be my dead friend, is sitting in my kitchen, eating our food, reading a book In a language I have never seen, with intentions I can’t begin to understand. My phone buzzed, and another photo from Karla, this time it was a selfie of her, in the woods, a big smile across her face, no scars, no scabs. She looked perfectly fine, and the message read “do you miss me?”
Title: I was born twelve minutes after midnight

Previous Year's Post is that if I don’t emerge from the edge of the void in time, they’ll just start pulling on the rope.  Considering I escaped via a stairwell last time, I think that sounds like a great way to break my leg, but hey, at least I’ll already be in the hospital, right?

So yeah.  That’s the plan.  I’m hiding out in one of the rooms.  I can barely breath I’m so nervous.  But maybe tonight we’ll find out why this is happening.  I’m going to shut the laptop now and brace myself for the void’s arrival.  I’ll tell you what happened when it’s over… and if I don’t make it… Susan will update you all in my stead.

Wish me luck… and wish me a happy birthday.

Okay I’m going to update REAL FAST here and then Tom and Susan and I are going for celebratory drinks.  Susan knows of a Tiki bar, she says.  That sounds great to me.  *Everything* sounds great right now.  I’m alive.

When midnight rolled around, the void opened up all around me.  The world dissolved into darkness and although I could feel the floor beneath me, it felt like I was suspended in nothing, an open, endless expanse with not even stars to relieve the darkness.  It felt like I was falling.  My chest seized up with fear and I had to shut my eyes.  I took a few breaths to steady myself, like Susan had taught me, and then I stood up.  I shuffled forward, hands outstretched, and I found a wall.  I followed it until I found a door.  And then I forced myself to open my eyes, to see the utter nothingness all around me, and I stepped out into the hallway.

None of us thought we’d find the room I was born in.  This wing of the hospital had been rennovated multiple times by now and even though we looked, we just couldn’t find any kind of layout from around when I was born.  I kept one hand on the wall and walked along it, my fingers trailing over door after door, and nothing changed.  I had a watch on my arm but even when I tapped it, I couldn’t see the lighted face of it to know how much longer I had in the void.  My heart was pounding painfully fast in my chest.  I was starting to panic, I knew I was panicking, but it felt like there was nothing I could do to stop it. My thoughts ran wild - this was stupid - I shouldn’t had listened to Tom - I’d gotten myself killed for nothing-

I turned around.  I went the other direction.  Lost in the dark as I was, without a sense of time or distance, I’m not sure how far I walked.  I shuffled along, painfully slow, knowing that I was making very poor progress but it was like my limbs were half-frozen.  All these years running and now I was too scared to even move.  I wanted to laugh and just as that hysteria that I’d been running from my whole life threatened to break free, something made me pause.  There was a touch against my face, like the stirring of air.  And I stopped, my hand against a wall, and I felt something brush against me again.  Cold as ice.  Steady.  Rhythmic.  Like the pulse of blood.

I knelt and with a piece of chalk I’d brought for this exact purpose, I marked the floor.  Susan’s idea.

There was a tug on the rope tied to my harness.  I’d taken too long.  It was time to go.  My friends were pulling me back, before the void closed.  I turned and gripped the rope with both hands, letting it pull me forward.  I stumbled, moving slowly, and the pulling grew more insistent.  They were practically dragging me along, but I couldn’t see - I didn’t know what was ahead of me - but we were running out of time -

I stumbled into a run, my hands out in front of me, choking and crying on my fear and I ran, just as I’ve run for so many years, except this time I was running blindly, pulled along by the desperation of my friends, reeling me in and drawing me out of the void.

The only reason I didn’t fall down the stairs was because that was where I reached the border of the void.  I emerged from it, my arms and head shoving out into the flickering incandescence of the stairway, and Tom and Susan release the rope and seized my hands instead.  

And all around me were people, clawing, grasping. The hands of the people trapped inside were grabbing my arms and shoulders, their touch was cold as ice, and around my wrist were Tom and Susan’s hands and I felt the heat of their grip, so hot it felt like my skin was burning.  I heard the roar of the void in my ears like an endless wave in the ocean, and underneath that I heard the frantic yelling of my friends - to pull - to pull me back.  And I drifted there, like time slowed, because there wasn’t much I could do to save myself except push forward, strain against those grasping hands like a dog on a leash, and I could only wait to see if I lived or died.  

That was when I noticed something.  The hands.  The hands that I’d fought against for years and years, ever since I was old enough to realize that I needed to fight, to escape them, that I’d die if I didn’t.

They weren’t pulling me in.  They were trying to pull themselves *out*.

I felt it in the way they clawed at my arms.  The hands sought to stretch further towards the light, towards *life*, inching their way forward using my body as purchase.  And I felt some of them slip, give, sliding backward against a current that tugged at my skin and my hair, that roared at me to join it in oblivion.

Death’s time was growing short, so it was coming for me.  It wouldn’t let me escape.  It wouldn’t let *any* of us escape.

I saw it.  At the very back.  Black on black, darkness within darkness, but I still *saw* it.  A maw, a throat, waiting to swallow up those that couldn’t fight the current any longer.

This void wasn’t death.  It was the prelude.  An in-between space.  *That* was death.  That was what we *all* were running from.

And still drifting in those few seconds of time where I didn’t know if I would live or die and there was a strange tranquility to it all, like I couldn’t feel the pounding of my own heart of taste the bitter stench of fear in my nose and mouth, I stretched out my hands and someone grabbed them.  I clamped down on their wrists, they did the same to mine, and we remained locked together like that when Tom finally got his feet underneath him and they *pulled,* all of them, and we all tumbled backwards out of the void.

I saw it close.  Like a curtain descending.  But the edges were tattered, and the people inside fell away, scattering, leaving behind only that presence that trashed and struggled but it did not disappear.  It remained.  I felt it, even as I was losing my footing and falling, the whisper of that current.  Like it was just on the other side of a sheet of glass.

Then we all landed in a heap of bodies and limbs at the base of the stairs.  The person I’d pulled out was a woman, younger than me, and she looked around wildly and then began sobbing uncontrollably.  Susan gathered her up and we all ushered her outside.

“I’ll take her… somewhere,” Susan said, after managing to bundle the nearly-hysterical woman into her car.  “Figure out where she needs to go and we’ll get her there.  I guess… reality rewrote itself last year for the person we pulled out, right?  Hopefully it’ll do the same here.”

She drove off, leaving Tom there to take me home, because we all agreed that I was going to be enough of a nervous wreck that I shouldn’t be driving.

“Do you still want to get tiki drinks?” he asked.

“I marked a spot in chalk,” I said.  “We need to make sure we know where it is before it gets cleaned up.”

He volunteered to go find out.  I could wait in the car, he said, and catch my breath.  Sit, wait for my heart to stop pounding, and update you all on what happened.

And there’s one more thing I want to say.  Something I’m going to share with Tom and Susan as well.  The void.  The vortex.  And that current that followed me to its edge, that sought to drag us all into its maw.  Something that dwells inside but isn’t the entirety of the void.

I think it’s wedged open.  I was pulled out but I don’t think that in-between space closed behind me. I think its been sitting open this entire time and people are falling in and some of them are getting claimed by the death roaming inside, seeking to swallow up anyone that isn’t fast enough to escape.  And once a year, in those twelve minutes, it stretches out in an attempt to grab me and drag me back.  Like that rubber band in Susan’s analogy, except it won’t break, it can’t be released, and it just stretches and stretches and stretches.

We need to find a way to snap it [shut](
Title: There is something inside of me, keeping me in my apartment.

It started a couple of days ago, with a fever. It was my final day off before I had to head back to work at a finance firm, and I had spent most of it lounging around, only leaving the house to pick up some groceries so I wouldn't have to do so after an exhausting day back.

When I was in the deli aisle, picking up some cheese for some tacos I was planning on making, a man walked up to me. He seemed dirty, in an oversized cargo jacket and worn-out jeans. His hair was tangled and greasy, but as he walked, I couldn't explain it fully; but his gait just didn't match him at all. He walked tall and straight, confident with a wide, toothy smile.

"Hello, sir, may I have a moment of your time?" He asked, cool and clear as he outstretched a hand covered in a fingerless glove that looked like it hadn't been washed in decades. Just wanting him to go away, I took his hand and shook it, the cold sweat that was soaking his exposed skin seeping into my own dry palm.

"Hey, thanks, but I'm not interested in whatever you're selling. And I don't have any change."

The man nodded politely, still smiling.

"Fair enough, sir, have a good day."

He plodded off, and I watched as he approached a few others in the aisle, outstretching his hand but getting no takers other than me. I pulled out some Germex and rubbed it on my hands, hoping it wasn't some perv trying to spread a disease or his freshly rubbed dick stink.

The rest of the day was average, a little bit of gaming, keeping up with a couple of friends, but as it got closer to nightfall, my head started to throb. At first, I thought it was maybe allergies, or I hadn't been drinking enough water.

But by the time the sun went down, my head was screaming, like there was a nail being slowly driven deeper and deeper into my brain. No amount of Tylenol or Ibuprofen could even dampen it. But every time I checked my temp, it kept reading a nice, lean 78 degrees.

I decided to try to get to sleep and, if in the morning it was still bad, I would call in from work and go to a walk-in clinic.

After an hour tossing and turning, turning off my AC to keep it's noise from making my head throb even worse, I finally managed to pass out, only to wake up at 3:30 AM, with my head still absolutely screaming. I texted my boss, whom I thanked god I was on good terms with, that I wasn't gonna make it to the office today. Surprisingly, getting back to sleep was much easier than getting into it, and I slept wonderfully.

My eyes opened to a similar scene outside my bedroom window to what I had woken up to: a dark city at night, fluorescent lights making an artificial day. I yawned, feeling tired. Stretching, my body felt far more exhausted than my sleep should've left me; my shoulders ached with previous effort.

I checked my phone: 8:55 PM. 'Fuck, did I sleep through the entire day?' I thought, thankful that I was at least free from my headache. Groaning as I realized there was no point in going back to sleep, I pulled myself up and walked towards the kitchen, rubbing my eyes as they adjusted to the lights. I didn't remember it being so bright when I fell asleep.

Walking into the kitchen, lights also on, I noticed my wallet was in a different spot than I remembered. I usually leave it on the kitchen table so I can grab it on my way out, but this time, it was on the counter where I usually drop it off after I get home. Odd, but not abnormal. 'Maybe I just put it there and forgot,' I thought. Every assurance did less and less to secure my beating heart, detecting a hidden strangeness to the night.

Then, I saw my laundry room, the dryer rumbling as it squeezed all of the liquid out of my clothes. There was only one problem: I hadn't even put anything in the washer, let alone the dryer. I felt a tingle on the back of my neck, like someone was watching me notice oddities around my house. Instinctively, I checked around my ceiling, paranoia telling me there were now cameras in my home. I was only slightly relieved to discover a lack of anyone spying on me, but the feeling persisted.

I tried to come up with an excuse for the dryer as I stumbled into the kitchen, my head starting to hurt again. Opening the fridge just unhinged my reality a little further, as I saw a hamburger, still in its fast-food paper wrapping. 'Now, I KNOW that wasn't there before.' I thought, 'Had someone dropped by and gotten my laundry done and given me a burger? John, or maybe Chelsie? But they shouldn't have keys...' My thought trailed off as I heard a ding from my bedroom.

Walking back in, I found my phone in a pair of work pants, discarded on the side of the bed opposite the one I slept in. Pulling it out, a sense of dread slowly crept up my legs to fill my gut as I read a text I just received from 'Gigi from Work.'

"Thx for the help today!"

Weird. I checked the chat further and saw a text from 12:36 PM.

"Hey, you know anything about this new notice?" Read, and apparently, responded to.

The pit in my stomach grew into an immense chasm, nearly making me nauseous as I saw a text, apparently, sent by me.

"Yeah, I'll come over and let ya know. Too much to explain over texts."

'What the fuck?' I thought. I hadn't gone anywhere all day. A growing, nagging voice began to chant in my mind, like whispered scripture, "Something is wrong, something is wrong."

The angles of my apartment felt wrong, like my home had been silently and suddenly turned into someone else's. The creak of the floor beneath my feet, the buzz of an AC droning a nervous energy into the air. The nervous voice in my mind rattling like a nervous snake, 'Weapons. The knives. Get the knives.' I ran to the kitchen like a madman, scrambling as I searched the counter and drawers. The knife rack was empty, and seemingly, every sharp object in my apartment was gone. My screwdriver, toothpicks, tweezers, and anything that could be sharp or sharpened were gone.

I spun around, the silence of the apartment, the feeling that someone else had been living in here made the hairs on the back of my neck stand. I never thought I could have claustrophobia, but in that moment, the walls were suffocatingly close and impenetrable.

I tiptoed back into the bedroom, nervously sending glances at every corner to try and uncover some unseen attacker, every step creaking and making me grimace. I grabbed the closest thing to a weapon I had, the metal bar of my coat rack, and went room by room, ensuring that I was completely alone in my house. This, rather than ease my nerves, only added to the sense of unreality that was creeping into my mind, slinking in like a snake into a burrow.

If I had really been alone, then what happened?

What was 'I' doing while I was asleep?

There was no way I was so sick that I pushed through the day, and then collapsed back at home after grabbing fast food and starting my laundry, and somehow completely forgot about it. Looking down at myself in horror, I had even changed clothes, only now noticing the white button-up I usually wear to the office, instead of the plain t-shirt I had fallen asleep in.

I reached to open the phone, trying to put in my passcode as genuine panic began to climb up my throat. I needed to get someone, anyone, to confirm what happened, to reassure me that I hadn't forgotten about an entire day. My fingers moved instinctually, and...

Incorrect Passcode.

"What?" I said aloud, being a little shocked at the hoarseness of my own voice. Had I been talking a lot? In my sleep? AND changed my passcode? That was impossible, outright impossible. I tried again.

Incorrect Passcode.

My fingers tapped at the screen with a furiosity that threatened to crack the screen.

Incorrect Passcode.

I started pacing.

Incorrect Passcode. 'iPhone Unavailable. Try again in 10 minutes.'

"No fucking way," I muttered under my breath as I walked towards the front door, grabbing my keys as I was filled with a strange and desperate need to talk to someone, anyone.

My hand just barely grazed the knob when my hand began to scream in agony. It was a mix of red-hot pins and needles stabbing every nerve, and a second, shocking feeling, traveling up my arm and paralyzing me, like a jellyfish had wrapped itself around me. I screamed, the burning sensation making my vision go white momentarily.

My good arm held up my limp appendage, as it continued to send waves of pain up my body. My stomach grumbled as nausea began to bubble in response to the sickening sensation of numbness and agony. I shook it, letting out a black chuckle as it swung side to side. My veins bulged in my arm, like something inside it had grown.

I turned and went to the window, but as my hand reached towards the curtain, I stopped mere inches before touching the fabric. Already, the tips of my fingers were tingling with a faint heat, like the outside was protected by some electric barrier. I backed up, feeling like an animal inside a cage.

I stumbled backwards and landed on the couch, focusing and taking in deep breaths. Slowly, painfully slowly, my arm returned to my control as first I could squeeze individual fingers, then form a fist, then finally roll my shoulder. Every movement is fighting to make my muscles obey each mental command.

'Can't contact anyone, can't get out...' the nervous voice muttered, cementing my trappedness. I screamed, begging someone, anyone, to answer and call for help, but my throat gave out before I got any responses.

I paced around my apartment for the rest of the night, unable to eat or get back to sleep. I couldn't come up with a single rational explanation for anything. Was I cursed? For not giving to the homeless?

I moved around like a scared lab animal, my own apartment becoming an unexplainable maze. I searched the walls for cracks, tried prying my AC off my wall, gnawed at my bars until the sun finally began to rise.

As I saw the dawn finally begin to break night's grip on the outside, I felt a tingling sensation creep up from my nerves into my muscles and skin. It was sickening, like a whole body injection of liquid tiredness. As my body began to fall under its own weight, I stumbled and collapsed onto the couch, fighting to stay awake.

I fought the force for only a minute, my twitches and thrusts to maintain control. As I thrashed, I saw my arms, their veins bulging, the pink skin barely revealing a blue tube underneath. Then, I saw something twitch inside of it, scarcely perceptible: a thin black tube with tiny offshoots, like a root. It tickled as it moved its awful phalanges around in my vein, feeling, probing, tasting. As soon as I noticed it, it slinked back into my vein like a snake into their den with a sensation similar to having my blood drawn. 

My panic at this did nothing to stop my mind from being plunged into nothingness.

I did not dream; my next moments of consciousness were pushing myself up and grabbing my phone, my body still in its natural pattern.

8:55 PM.

I scrolled up, a pit of dread growing in my heart as I saw a text, this time from an unnamed number.

"Hope you made it back alright! I had a great time! :)"

My head turned towards a new object on my nightstand: a vase full of flowers.

Numbly, I walked into the kitchen to grab a beer, and noticed that the burger was gone, figured 'I' must've eaten it until I saw muddy bootprints coming from my window and forging a path to my fridge.

'It seemed like I went into work yesterday, then went on a date. And I don't have a single goddamn memory of it. And someone broke into my home and ate my food.' I checked my arms, relieved to no longer see any worms or wires or whatever else was definitely inside of me. The mere thought made me shiver, the unnatural, invisible feeling of infection that nested inside of me.

My mind drifted to biology class and the hookworm. making praying mantises wade into water to proliferate, leaving behind a husk of a creature. My stomach twisted like it was full of living string; I could practically feel them squirming around in my intestines. Infested. Rotten.

I spent the rest of the night writing this. Thank god I had a draft open before I went to sleep. My fingers don't feel like they are falling off while writing this, but I have spent all of tonight getting all of this down. Headaches come and go, my body twitches, and sometimes I can't tell if it's my nerves or something on them. More than once, I found my arm grabbing a cup or paper without my command. 

 
I can only hope we wake up tomorrow.
Title: In my defense, it was really good soup

I really hesitated to reach out. I came across this website about a month ago and it's been gnawing at the back of my mind since. I had never heard of the term GADHIC and honestly thought it was a conspiracy for a very long time. That is until I had soup. No you don't understand, this was REALLY GOOD SOUP.

I didn't think much of it the first time I had it. People change you know? They grow. They learn new things. Well, most people change: not this circus, not this monkey. The abuse was expected, familiar, hell warm even. She had neglected me for so long that I thought that was all I was worthy of. The harsh words, the rotten meals and the random slaps with her sandal. I think in her mind it was making me into a better person, a man. In reality, I cowered more every day, the light slowly dying in my eyes.

Sorry. I'm doing it again. I'm perseverating. At least that is what my therapist says I do. I think I just think about the things that bother me. And nothing bothers me more than how my mother treats me.

"You gonna eat that?" She sucked her cigarette like it was paying her to. She would ask only moments after serving me slop the temperature of lava. My wanting to let it cool down was unacceptable. If I didn't eat right away, it was snatched up.

I learned to hide ice cubes in my pockets to drop into the molten slop the minute she looked away. It's desperate but my high school stopped providing free breakfast to poor kids, so I turned back to slop for my nourishment. If you asked me how or what this slop was made with, I couldn't begin to tell you. The taste was a mix of hot onion and sweaty ball-sack. Only desperation from starvation kept me consuming it.

Days were counted in bowls of slop consumed, a never ending sisiphysean buffet. Nothing about my existence seemed redeemable, until I found her. Luna. Or more accurately, she found me.

The cat distribution system or whatever decided to shine brightly on me with a tiny black cat with white paws and white chin. Luna was hissing in a bush outside the basketball hoops at school. Her paw was trapped in some mangled soccer net. I cut her paw free with my pocket knife and hid her in my hoodie. She gently snuggled against my stomach and purred. Is this what love feels like? I wondered.

The next few days I found ways to feed her. I stole a couple of cans from the grocery store where I work. I know, I know. It's wrong. Please don't crucify me. I just couldn't let my little baby die. She is growing and she needs the good stuff. I refuse to feed my daughter slop. I loved her deeply and wanted the best for her.

I wondered at this as the new bowl of my punishment was placed before me. My mother suckled her cigarette like it was her mother's teat and blew the smoke in my face. "Eat" she demanded.

"Do you love me?" I asked.

"What did you just ask me?" She snarled, the cigarette hanging for dear life from her lips.

"Do. You. Love. Me." I repeated.

"HOW DARE YOU" She threw the entire pot of slop at my head. I narrowly dodged. Realizing she had inadvertently answered my question, I ran towards the door. But she was faster. She grabbed me by the collar.

"You will EAT and you will LIKE it. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"

"Get off of me." I struggled as she pulled me with superhuman strength and forced me to sit.

You know how when you regret a moment, it is physically burned into your memory? As an evolutionary drive your mind tries and tries to go back, to find a way to fix it? You know there is no way to fix it, but you hold onto it as a way to hopefully prevent tragedy in the future?

This moment with my mother is forever burned into my memory.

Luna, my brave, my sweet, my daughter. After having her for a little over a week, came out like a lion, to protect me. She sensed the danger and she charged my mother full on, digging her claws into the leathery skin. My mother saw Luna as she saw me, nothing more than a pest. She threw Luna so hard against the wall she threw away the kitten's life with no thought at all.

The tears came and wouldn't stop. I held my small lifeless daughter in my hands. She would never grow, never know joy.  My mind broke. I believe that was when the hallucinations started. Probably the trauma from losing the only thing I loved in life.

It started with strange yellow eyes in the forest watching me as I laid Luna to rest in a shallow grave adorned with wilting flowers no one bought from my work. I would go daily to her grave, cry and then come home to eat my slop.

Until that day, three weeks later, when I saw Luna again. Everything looked the same, down to her tiny white paws and white chin. I realized I must be hallucinating. Cats can't resurrect from the dead, let alone talk. She purred gently at me. "Papa?" She asked.

I scooped her into my arms and cried. "Yes. Yes. I'm your papa."

Luna returned home with me and I was better at hiding her from my mother. Until one day my mom had to do the monthly grocery shopping. Luna sat in my lap as I struggled to eat my reheated slop.

"Soup?" Luna asked inquisitively. My daughter was very smart and had learned many words.

"No Luna. This is slop. It's not good." I wretched at the smell.

"Papa needs good soup." Luna responded.

"One day. My mom won't make me anything but this. She hates me." I gently pet her cheek. "But I will only feed you the best. Because I love you Luna. You are my baby."

"Luna baby" She purred.

"Yes, Luna baby."

"One day, Luna Mommy."

"One day when you are grown you can have your own kids, yes. And you can give them good soup."

"Good soup." She pressed her head against my face and settled into my lap to nap.

The next day I looked everywhere for Luna. I couldn't find her. I was convinced my mother was behind it. She never let me have anything that made me happy.

I rushed into the kitchen, my eyes filled with tears, baseball bat in my hand. My mom sat at the kitchen table with a gentle smile. Her face seemed 10 years younger and she wasn't smoking. Her clothes were clean and bright.

I slowly dropped the baseball bat and sat at the table across from her, dumbfounded. What was happening?

She slowly pushed a bowl towards me. It was filled to the brim. I instinctively winced until the smell caught my nose. It was sweet and savory. My eyes opened to see a golden cream colored soup with chopped onions, potatoes, kidney beans and shredded chicken. She even garnished it with cilantro and cheese.

"What is this?" I asked skeptically.

"Good soup" She smiled.

I tasted it. It was divine. I stared at my mother. Something about her face was not quite right, not entirely human. But the deep hunger in me for sustenance became unbearable and I devoured the soup.

"It's very good." I responded. "Thank you."

My mother stood up and came over to me. She gently pressed her forehead against mine.

"Mommy loves you." The words shocked me but as she pulled away I swore I could hear the soft sound of purring.

The creature I live with is not my mother. I don't know what it is and I don't know where my real mother is. But at this point, I don't care. She loves me. She always makes me good soup.

 
[Previous Archive entry](
Title: What I Left in The Dark

He arrived without an appointment. No name, no referral—just walked into my office ten minutes before closing and sat down across from me like he'd always been there. His eyes were wrong. Not in color or shape, but in recognition. He looked at me like we’d met before. Like I had done something to him.  

I asked his name. 

He smiled but didn’t answer, just tilted his head like he was waiting for me to say it. My pen wouldn’t write when I tried to fill out the intake form. The line for Patient Name stayed blank, no matter how hard I pressed. And when I glanced at the mirror behind him, only one of us was visible. 

“You don’t remember me, do you, Rob?” He asked, his chuckle sharp. 

 My hand twitched, tracing a faint scar on my thumb, my brother’s pocketknife, a blood-oath gone wrong. The memory slipped away, but the patient’s eyes held it. 

“How do you know my name?” I asked. 

“I thought I'd be hard to forget. But you’ve been avoiding me for so long.” He leaned forward, as if testing my boundaries. 

“Maybe, maybe it’s easier if you pretend I'm not real, right? Easier for both of us.” 

I took a moment, gathering my words. 

“Well, what brings you in today?” 

He paused. 

“Well, I think it’s been you who’s brought me here.” 

“I didn’t mean to come, but it seems I've been following you for a while now.” 

He looked past me, focusing on... something. 

“It’s time you finally see me, don’t you think?” 

I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck rise, a shiver I tried to ignore. 

"See you?" I echoed, trying to regain control of the situation. "I’m not sure what you’re implying. Care to clarify?" 

He didn’t answer right away. Instead, his eyes seemed to scan the room, but his focus never left mine. 

"You’ve seen me. You just haven’t been looking." His voice was low now, as if sharing a secret. "And you never wanted to." 

The silence between us stretched, the sound of the clock ticking louder than it should have been. I tried to brush off the unsettling feeling, but it crept up, sinking deeper into my skin. 

“I’m afraid I don’t understand.” My voice came out more strained than I intended, but he didn’t seem to notice. 

“No,” he said softly. "You do. You just buried it." 

There was a sudden pressure in the air, like we were both holding our breath. Waiting. Waiting for something. 

I glanced at the mirror again. This time, I didn’t just see myself; his reflection stared back at me. 

And in that moment, I knew: I had seen him before. But the memory slipped away, like water through my fingers. 

I stood up to signal the end of the session, trying to keep my composure. “Let’s meet next week,” I said, the words coming out mechanically. 

He nodded, slowly, like he understood something I didn’t. But before he stood, he leaned in slightly, his voice dropping to a near whisper. 

“You’re not sure if I’ll come back, are you?” 

I froze, hand still on the door. He had a point, but I couldn’t allow myself to acknowledge it. 

“I’ll see you next week,” I repeated, this time more firmly. 

As I walked him out, the hallway felt different. Longer. The light flickered as if struggling to keep up with my thoughts. I glanced at the clock, but I swear the minute hand had moved too quickly. 

When I turned back to my office, I saw the reflection again—the same reflection I had seen in the mirror. It wasn’t just a flicker this time. I saw myself... and him. Standing beside me. 

But when I blinked, it was gone. 

The notes from that session were a complete blur. I went over them  

again and again, yet the handwriting wasn’t quite mine. It felt as though there was more beneath the surface, something I couldn’t put my finger on. 

I picked up the pen, but it wouldn’t write. 

I blinked. There were new words on the page. The same, unnatural writing. 

“You’ll understand soon.” 

“God damn it!” I slammed the notebook shut, my heart pounding. 

The next appointment came quickly. 

“Hello again,” I said. 

“You don’t seem to be listed in our records. How long have you been seeing a therapist?” 

“I haven’t. I felt—a pull. Like I was meant to come to you.” 

“Why do you think that is?” I replied as he smirked. 

“People are capable of horrible things, Rob. You’re not special.” 

I glanced again at the mirror. This time, it wasn’t a person, but a crime. A violent, bloody crime. 

The patient tilted his head, watching me with detached amusement, while humming a song. So familiar, yet I couldn’t put my finger on it. 

“That blood on the window,” he said calmly, “it’s yours. You tried to forget, didn’t you? But some stains, they don't wash off. They linger. 

He smiled again, but this time, it was softer. Not mocking—reminiscing. 

“You called it an accident.” 

He paused. 

“But it wasn’t. That’s for sure.” 

I sat there, unmoving. After an eternity, I gathered the words for a response. 

“I don’t know who you are or what you want, but I did no such thing.” 

He smirked, then began to chuckle. 

He walked out of the room. 

An unsettling calm washed over me, but beneath it, a powerful urge took root. I had to know. Know what he meant, know why that blood was on the window. A fragmented image flashed in my mind: a dark shape, a glint of metal, a muffled sound, but it vanished before I could grasp it. I stood up, my legs feeling heavy and unfamiliar, and found myself moving towards the hallway, drawn by an invisible thread in the direction he went. I walked towards the lobby, determined to find the truth. I passed by the front desk and decided to ask them where the patient went. 

“Did a man leave just now?” 

“No, you’ve been alone for an hour, Rob.” 

\*\*\* 

The next morning, my desk had a sticky note on it. My handwriting, at least I think so. 

“Stop pretending.” 

I read that in my kitchen. When my head moved up, I was in my office. The patient was waiting, as if he knew I was going to be there. 

I sat down, my throat tight, expecting his usual smirk or cryptic words. But he just stared, silent, his eyes locked on mine. No tilt of the head, no chuckle—nothing. The clock ticked, each second stretching into a void. I cleared my throat, tried to start. 

“So,” I said, voice cracking, “why are you here today?” 

He didn’t blink. His gaze bore into me, heavy, like it was peeling back my skin. I shifted in my chair, the pen trembling in my hand. 

“What do you know about Daniel?” I pressed, desperation creeping in. 

Still nothing. The mirror behind him flickered, showing only me, then him, then me again. My reflection’s eyes weren’t mine, they were his, blue and sad, like Daniel’s. I looked away, my heart pounding. 

“Say something!” I shouted, slamming my fist on the desk. 

He leaned forward, just an inch, and the air thickened. No words, but his silence screamed louder than any accusation. I felt it, the weight of what I’d buried, pressing down, suffocating. 

“You’re not real,” I said. My voice was shaking, but I kept going. “You’re something I made up.” 

“Isn’t that the same thing?” he asked. 

I threw a chair. I don’t know why. Maybe some part of me thought that hurting him would end this for good. Instead, the chair hit the wall and fell apart like it was made of paper. 

He just stared at me. Pity in his eyes. 

“You buried me,” he said, “Deep. But you can still feel the weight, can’t you?” 

I rushed him. Fist clenched, breath ragged. I needed to hit something. 

The moment I made contact—pain. White-hot, lancing through my ribs. Like I’d punched myself. Hard. 

I fell back, gasping. He hadn’t moved. 

“You can’t hurt me,” he said softly. “You’d only be hurting yourself.” 

“What the hell are you doing to me!” I screamed. 

“You are doing this to yourself. We both know it.” 

I stood there, silent. 

After a while, I curled into my chair, heart hammering. My hands were trembling. 

“It wasn’t an accident,” I whispered. 

He stepped closer and started laughing. 

“There it is! You're finally listening!” 

Blood on the glass, a scream. A sharp glint. The flash of a wrist twisting. 

I sobbed. I don’t remember starting, but I couldn’t stop. 

The lights buzzed. When I looked again, he was gone. Only one chair in the room. Just me. 

But in the mirror, we were both still there. 

He was watching me. 

Waiting. 

I opened my notebook. The pen worked again. I didn’t remember writing the final sentence. 

“He didn’t die. I just left him in the dark long enough to forget he was screaming.” 

The notebook slipped from my hands, the words burning through me. My chest heaved, the air too thick, the room too small. The mirror stared back, but it wasn’t my office anymore. It was the kitchen, our kitchen, the one in the house where Daniel and I grew up, where we’d carved our initials into the table and swore we’d never be like Dad. 

The vision hit like a blade. I was there again, the fluorescent light buzzing, the air sour with whiskey and rage. Daniel stood across from me, his eyes wild. 

“You took it all, Rob!” He shouted, slamming his fist on the counter. “Dad’s money, the house, everything! You left me with nothing!” 

 His words cut deeper than they should’ve, unearthing years of guilt; I'd been the one who ‘made it,’ while Daniel drowned in debt and drugs. I tried to explain that dad’s will wasn’t my choice, but he laughed, bitter. 

“You’re just like him, a liar.” 

 

I didn’t know when I took the knife. It was sitting there, in the block by the sink, its handle clenched in my palm. 

“Shut up, Dan,” I growled, but he kept going, daring me. 

“What, you gonna fix me, therapist?” 

 His shove sent me flying back, and then something snapped. I lunged, the knife sinking into his chest—once, twice, blood pouring out. He gasped, stumbled, and crashed into the kitchen window, his hands clawing the glass desperately. 

“Robert...” he whispered, sliding down, his eyes locked on mine, wide with shock. 

 I froze, the knife clanging to the floor, a memory flashing: us as kids, pressing our hands to that window, dreaming of escape. 

I blinked, and the vision disappeared. I was back in my office, the mirror blank, the patient gone. But the blood, it lingered in my mind, like a wound that just won’t close. I’d covered it up, hadn’t I? Dragged Dan’s body to the basement, wrapped it in a tarp. Smashed the side window, tipped over chairs, cut my own arm to sell the story. 

An intruder. A fight. Daniel “missing.” 

Days blurred. I stopped answering calls, let appointments pile up. Colleagues left voicemails: 

“Rob, you okay?” 

But I couldn’t face them. My office became a cave, papers strewn, mirrors draped with shirts, but the window found me. In my apartment’s glass door, in the coffee shop’s storefront, in every polished surface, blood, Dan’s handprint, his face pressed against the pane, mouthing, why, Rob? The patient’s voice followed, soft, 

“You see him now, don’t you? You can’t unsee blood.” 

His sessions, if you can even call them that, grew worse. He’d sit there, his face shifting, sometimes Dan’s, sometimes mine. 

 “You took the fortune, Rob,” he’d say. “But you paid in blood. You’re next.” 

 Mirrors showed the kitchen window, Daniel’s body slumped, blood dripping upward, defying gravity. Once, I swore I heard his voice, not the patient’s, but Daniel’s, whispering through the glass:  

“You kept it all, Rob. Give it back.” 

\*\*\* 

I don’t know when I decided to end it. Maybe when I found a note in my handwriting, Free him, Rob, tucked in my coat. Maybe when the patient said,  

“You can’t live with both of us.” 

 I drove to the office at midnight, the city a maze of glass, every pane reflecting the kitchen window: blood, Daniel’s hand, his dying gasp. I climbed the stairs to the roof, my legs heavy. The door was unlocked, like it was waiting. 

The rooftop was cold, the wind sharp. Below, the city glimmered, a thousand windows staring up. Every one was the kitchen window, blood streaked; Daniel’s face pressed against it, his body falling, over and over. Some showed him alive, laughing as a kid, our hands on the glass, promising to share everything. Others showed the knife, my hand twisting, his blood spraying. The patient stood at the edge, his voice soft, almost kind. 

 “You see him everywhere, Rob. Free him.” 

I stepped to the ledge, my heart pounding. I believed it, believed my death would release him, let his spirit rest, maybe let us be brothers again.  

“I’ll make it right, Dan,” I whispered, picturing us young, free, before Dad’s shadow, before the fortune tore us apart. The patient’s eyes were Daniel’s now, blue and sad. 

“Come home, Rob,” he said. “We’re brothers again.” 

I leaned forward. The wind roared, the glass below a sea of blood and memory. The panes flickered—Daniel’s face, our childhood, the knife, the blood—then went dark. The wind stopped. For the first time in what seemed like forever, it was silent. I let go, and the world tilted as I dropped into the glass below.
Title: I think someone tried to kidnap me last night

I wasn’t going to post this. I told myself that putting it into words would make it real, and if I didn’t do that, if I kept it vague, fuzzy, half-forgotten, maybe I could convince myself it was nothing more than a scare.

But then something else happened tonight, so I’m writing this while I still can.

Last night started normally, too normally. I worked late, the kind of shift where time blurs and you don’t notice how exhausted you are until you finally step outside. It was a little after 11 p.m., cold enough that the air stung my lungs. The streets were quiet, but not empty, just quiet enough to make you aware of every sound your own body makes, quiet enough that I could hear my own heart beating.

My walk home takes about twelve minutes. I know every crack in the pavement, every flickering streetlight. I like routines, they make you feel invisible.

Halfway through the walk, I cut through a small car park behind a row of flats. I’ve done it hundreds of times, that’s why the van didn’t register immediately.

White, no markings, parked awkwardly near the wall, angled slightly wrong, like it had been left in a hurry. I remember noticing that detail because it bothered me. I remember thinking, someone doesn’t care about parking tickets.

I had already walked past it when the door slid open, it was so quiet I didn’t hear it, just felt that sudden wrongness, like the world had shifted a fraction to the left, I turned around slowly.

A man stood there, half in shadow, one hand on the inside of the door, hood pulled low. I couldn’t see his eyes clearly, but I knew he was looking directly at me.

He smiled, not friendly, not threatening. Familiar, like he’d seen me before.

“Hey,” he said, voice relaxed. “You dropped something.”

I looked down, there was nothing, when I looked back up, he had stepped closer. I hadn’t heard his feet move. “I didn’t drop anything,” I said, my voice sounding too loud in my own ears.

His smile twitched, like he was amused by my answer.“You sure?” he asked. “Happens all the time.” The van door slid open wider, that’s when I saw the second man.

He was sitting inside, low and still, like he’d been waiting in that exact position for a long time. His hands rested on his knees, fingers flexing slowly, rhythmically. He wasn’t smiling, he wasn’t frowning, he was watching me the way you watch traffic before crossing the road.

Judging distance, timing. The first man took another step toward me, something inside me snapped into place then. No thoughts, no logic, just one overwhelming certainty. If he touches you, you’re not coming back.

I ran, I didn’t scream, I didn’t look back. My legs moved so fast they burned, my breath coming out in short, ugly gasps. I heard footsteps behind me, heavy, purposeful, and for a split second I was sure a hand was going to grab my coat.

I cut into the narrow alley between buildings, nearly slipping on wet concrete. My shoulder slammed into a wall, I kept going, I didn’t stop until I burst out onto the main road, where the streetlights were brighter and a car passed close enough that I could feel the rush of air, the footsteps stopped.

I stood there shaking, pretending to scroll through my phone so I wouldn’t look like prey. When I finally dared to glance back down the alley, it was empty, no van, no men.

I walked home the long way, sticking to lit streets, keys threaded between my fingers. Every shadow looked wrong, every engine sound made my stomach drop.

When I got inside, I locked the door, then I checked the windows, then I sat on the kitchen floor and waited for my heart to slow down.

I didn’t call the police, I kept telling myself there wasn’t enough to report, that I’d imagined the second man, that maybe it was a failed robbery, or some kind of sick joke.

I slept maybe two hours, this morning, I tried to act normal. Showered, drank coffee I couldn’t taste, laughed at something on my phone a second too late.

That’s when I went outside and saw the note, it was tucked neatly under my windscreen wiper. Folded once, no envelope.

Inside, written in careful, tidy handwriting; wrong place, next time. My car wasn’t parked near the car park, it was parked directly outside my building.

I stood there for a long time, reading it again and again, until a neighbour walked past and asked if I was okay. I smiled and said yes, I wasn’t.

All day, I felt watched, every white van made my chest tighten, I checked my mirrors constantly, I changed my route home. Tonight, I made sure someone was on the phone with me the entire walk back, nothing happened, I started to relax. Then, about twenty minutes ago, my phone buzzed with a message from an unknown number. No text, just a photo.

It’s grainy, taken at night. The angle is slightly off, like the person holding the phone was trying not to be noticed.

It’s the back of my head, I can tell exactly when it was taken, because I’m wearing the same jacket I wore last night. And if you zoom in, if you really look, you can see the reflection in the glass of a parked car in front of me, a white van, parked across the street.

I just looked out my window, there’s a van outside now, and its engine is running.
Title: My town voted to add fluoride to the drinking water. We got something much worse.

[All Parts](

The decision to add fluoride to the town’s drinking water was contentious in Clearview.

The proponents of the change touted improvements in oral health—which, to be fair, our town sorely needed. I still remember Dr. Sheldon standing up at the town hall meeting, holding up photographs from his practice. As a dentist, he was firmly pro-fluoride.

The anti-fluoride camp was just as vocal—if perhaps a bit more eccentric. Their objections ranged from increased cancer risk all the way to CIA mind-control nano-robots. I’m a little embarrassed to say that my own mom was in this camp.

After hours of arguing, the issue finally came to a vote. And though only by a hair, the pro-fluoride side won.

It was still a while before the infrastructure was in place to actually add fluoride to the water, but after the vote, people largely stopped talking about it.

Until one summer afternoon.

Mayor Blythe held a special press conference at the Clearview Municipal Water Treatment Plant. He stood at a podium overlooking a massive vat of water and gave a long speech about progress and innovation, thanking one person after another for helping make it all happen. Then he lifted a small vial over his head, unscrewed it, and poured it into the vat.

It was probably just ceremonial—but that day marked the beginning of our town’s love-hate relationship with its drinking water.

They promised the water would look the same, taste the same, smell the same—only providing imperceptible benefits to our oral hygiene. And at first, that was true.

For a week or two, the water tasted like water.

But soon, those with more sensitive palates noticed a change.

The water tasted sweet.

It was subtle at first, but before long everyone in town was talking about it. For us kids, it was mostly pleasant. Sugary drinks were usually a treat. Everyone thought it was odd—but people chalked it up to a minor issue that would be resolved quickly.

As the days passed and the water grew sweeter, people stopped talking about it altogether.

They were afraid that if they mentioned it, the sweetness might go away.

I remember the first time I stood in front of the refrigerator, staring at a bottle of soda—then turning instead to the kitchen faucet and pouring myself a glass of tap water.

The grocery store stopped selling bottled drinks. Even our fast-food stores served tap water with burgers and fries.

Mom and Dad no longer drank wine in the evenings, nor did they enjoy their morning coffee.

Along with the sweetness came another strange quality: if you boiled the water, it became incredibly bitter, leaving behind a thick tan residue on the pot or coffee maker.

But no one really seemed to mind.

No one wanted coffee. No one wanted soda. No one wanted beer or wine.

They just wanted the water from the tap.

I was no different.

For weeks, I drank nothing but the town’s water. I knew it was getting bad when school started and everyone—including the teachers—brought oversized water bottles to class, sipping constantly, unwilling to go even forty-five minutes without it.

Maybe things would have gone on that way forever.

But if whatever they added to the water was a problem, it turned out to be an even bigger one when they took it out.

I was sitting in third-period history, doodling away between sips from my water bottle when Sarah, one of my classmates, came back into the room from a bathroom break.

She stood in the doorway until even the teacher paused and looked at her.

“Are you okay, Sarah?”

Her eyes darted nervously around the room. She was panting, but trying to appear composed.

“The water… it’s back to normal.”

A murmur rose up in the class. Even the teacher’s eyes darted to his water bottle sitting on his desk.

“Are you sure?” he asked.

“I tried every water fountain and sink in the school. It’s gone.”

“Okay, okay. Not to worry. Let’s get back to class.”

Sarah sat down at the desk next to me, and the teacher started up again. But the air in the room was heavy. Everyone held onto their water bottles, taking smaller sips than normal.

And as I looked around the room, I noticed that Sarah wasn’t the only one whose bottle was now empty.

But Sarah was getting antsy.

She fidgeted and squirmed. Eventually, she turned to me; her face white.

“Eliot, can I have a little of your water?” she whispered.

I eyed my bottle. Less than a quarter left. There was no way I was giving any away.

I shook my head and pretended to be paying attention to the lecture.

But the next time I opened my bottle to take a sip, I was knocked out of my desk as Sarah tackled me from the side.

She grabbed for my bottle, but only managed to knock it across the room, spilling most of it across the floor.

Sarah, along with two other students, rushed for the bottle screaming, punching, pulling hair.

One kid sprawled across the floor lapping up the water that spilled when my bottle went flying.

Our teacher attempted to rein the class in, but soon students were rushing the front of the room grabbing at his water. He stood on the desk, kicking students in the face as they clamored for his bottle.

I was growing anxious. I could feel the tightening of my stomach. The insatiable craving for more tap water. But with each passing second, my chances of getting it in that classroom dwindled.

Then, a genius idea struck. The fountain!

Not a water fountain like you would drink from. No, the big concrete fountain that sat out front of Clearview High.

I dashed out the door and into the hallway, where more chaos erupted. Students were clamoring and fighting. One kid stood atop a security desk swinging a bat at anyone who approached. You’d think seeing someone get knocked out with a metal bat would deter others from trying the same thing. But the thirst was worse.

I ran past it all, out the front doors and into the courtyard. Only to find I was not the only person with the same idea. At least a dozen others were bent over the fountain lapping the water into their mouths. I took a spot between two other students, and for a moment, we all drank in peace. But soon others came. Some tried pushing their way through; others climbed over us to completely submerge themselves in the fountain.

Soon it was just as bad as inside.

I felt a hand grab the back of my shirt and rip me from the fountain, throwing me to the concrete. As I struggled to find another spot, I heard it. The sound of an engine revving. It got louder, tires screeched, and then a crash. The car plowed through a pile of people, through the concrete barrier of the fountain, and the water spilled out onto the ground, mingled with the blood of the dead and wounded.

A man emerged from the car, which was still running, and took his place among the throng fighting for just a drop of that sweet tap water.

I was right there among them. Stepping over bodies, I hurled myself onto the thin veins of water spreading out from the crumbling fountain.

I found a small puddle and ravenously lapped at the ground, likely drinking up more blood and dirt than anything else. But I needed it.

Even my small oasis was not safe.

I felt a flash of pain on the side of my head as I tumbled over. I could hardly see through the darkness that took over my vision in the wake of the blow. But I hurled myself back toward the water.

The man who had kicked me pinned me to the ground. His eyes were bloodshot; his face contorted in rage. And when he raised his fist to strike, I saw something glimmering in his hand. A knife.

He stabbed. I stopped his blow with my outstretched hands, receiving a deep gash on my forearm.

Just then, a siren sounded as black *RYNECORP* vans sped into the courtyard. My attacker looked away just long enough for me to slip out of his grasp.

Though wounded, I searched for another source of water as the vans parked all around, and men in gas masks and riot gear poured from the opening doors.

They raised their guns and fired into the crowd. Blue gas seeped out of cans tumbling across the concrete.

That was the last thing I remember before waking up at Clearview Regional Hospital. My head was wrapped, my arm was stitched, and my parents sat in chairs beside my bed.

“What happened?” I asked.

“Believe it or not, Eliot,” my dad said. “What they put in our water wasn’t fluoride. The mayor thinks it may have been sabotage—possibly HaleTech Industries.”

But my mom was having none of it.

“I tried to warn everyone! Nano-robots don’t sound so ridiculous now, do they?”
Title: I'm a food delivery driver, and these are my stories.（part 5）

[1]( /[2]( /[3](

 
This may be  the last story I can tell you guys……but it’s  a long one so I hope it satisfies.

The phone rang at midnight.

I'd expected it, I can not sleep anyways exactly three years ago today, I signed a contract in that cold, impersonal office.

This job became routine around the eighteenth month. I was now familiar with its rhythm and pattern. I understood that the universe held far more rooms than I knew, and some of them needed nurturing.

I was awakened by the sound and instinctively reached for my phone on the bedside table. The screen's dim light illuminated my small bedroom. The walls were still covered with my sticky notes, but the content had changed over time. No longer "Check the manual," but "Pick up Levi at 3 PM."

The phone screen displayed only two words: "Final Delivery."

No address. No time. No customer name. I glanced at the manual; there wasn't even a rule.

I slowly sat up, my body accustomed to the rhythm of nighttime deliveries, while my brain was still processing this strange notification.biscuit, perked up from the foot of the bed, its ears twitching. In the three years since the garden incident, its aging pattern was completely different from that of ordinary dogs; in other words, it hadn't aged at all. Its muzzle was still golden, its eyes still bright, and its body still strong and healthy. Some gifts from another world possess a magic of preservation.

I picked up my pocket watch from the bedside table. Tonight, it presented a new image: a vast sea of ​​sand, the sky an odd color，neither blue nor gray, but somewhere in between, like a faded old photograph. In the distance, bathed in the heat, a large, curved object, like ribs, could be vaguely seen emerging from the dunes.

I gazed at this image for a long time, my thumb gently stroking the edge of the watch case.

I heard footsteps in the hallway outside the apartment. Light and hurried, like the scratching of Levi's paws on the hardwood floor when he was excited or anxious.After these years some time in midnight  he will come alone to see me in the midnights.Strictly speaking, this counts as running away from home, so my colleagues always wanted to keep a closer eye on him. But as the old saying goes, you can't keep a shapeshifter locked up.

"Dad?" His voice came from outside the door, young, yet more composed than when I first brought him home.

“Come in, Levi.”

The door opened slowly, and he entered in human form, or at least mostly. Over the years, he had become increasingly adept at maintaining his human form, and more discerning about which parts should be exposed and which should be concealed. But tonight, his tail was exposed, bushy and fox-like, twitching nervously. His eyes gleamed with the light that only appeared when his other side approached, a faint green hue in the dim light.

He was twelve years old if we really count, and had learned to reliably maintain his human form. We took him to parks, museums, and ordinary places on weekends, which taught him how to blend into crowds, how to act like a human child, and how to modulate his voice so it didn't carry that slight growl. But there was always something different about him, drawing wary glances from other parents and keeping other children at a distance. He had learned to coexist with it, accepting his state somewhere between human and otherworldly.

“Dad?” he asked, standing in the doorway, one hand on the frame. “Has it been three years?”

I nodded slowly. “It seems so.”

He entered the room and sat on the edge of my bed. Biscat immediately snuggled up to him, offering the solid comfort honed over centuries by dogs. Levi's hand unconsciously stroked Biscat's fur, his fingers entwining in the golden hide, seeking solace in the familiar touch.

“Are you staying, or leaving after that?”

This was a question I'd avoided for months. Every deliveryman had to make a choice at the end of their three-year term: leave with money and memories, or stay and become something else, perhaps an eternal presence.

“I haven't decided yet,” I said honestly. “Let's see what the last order is.”

We were silent for a moment. The three of us—man, dog, and shapeshifter—were crammed into the small bedroom, the city clamor outside at three in the morning. In the distance came sirens, the rumble of trucks in the dead of night, and the faint sounds of eight million people sleeping, waking, or living in the darkness.

Three minutes later, a knock came precisely on time, as if the visitor had been waiting in the hallway, counting down the seconds.

Before the door opened, I knew who it was.

Marcus stood in the hallway, but he looked different. He was no longer dressed as the warehouse manager; instead, he wore travel attire that seemed to belong to some distant era: worn, soft leather trousers, an undyed, rough linen shirt, a knee-length wool coat, patched and worn, and boots that looked like they'd been through countless roads. His eyes, usually hidden behind his ever-present Cheshire Cat smile, were now serious and focused, revealing a weariness never before seen on his face.

“Eric,” he said formally, his tone unusually heavy. “Your contract is up. Now, you’re receiving final delivery.”

“What is the final delivery?”

He entered without permission, and I noticed a leather satchel slung over his shoulder. It was old, older than anything he wore, and looked much heavier than its actual size. It tugged at his shoulder, its weight unusual, as if the bag contained something heavier than ordinary matter.

“Something most deliverymen have never seen,” Marcus said, placing the bag on my kitchen table with a dull thud, like distant thunder, like a bone settling back to the ground. “Most people spend three years doing the same routine: apartment buildings, cemeteries, and if they’re unlucky, maybe some particularly awful subway station. They make a choice, and move on, either back to normal life or getting promoted to management. But you…” He turned to face me. “You’ve been chosen to do something far rarer. Famine needs you.”

“Why does it need me?”

“War, famine, plague, death. The anchor of this world. The ancient forces that maintain the boundary between existence and non-existence.” He gestured to the bag. “They need renewal. About every sixty years, with a possible ten-year margin of error, they must self-destruct and then be reborn. The ouroboros cycle. Someone has to send them to a place of renewal.”

These words seemed to echo in the cramped apartment, emitting a tooth-ache-inducing, blurring-sight frequency. The air thinned, as if something had inhaled but not exhaled. The light flickered, then flickered again.

“And what did I send?”

“Famine itself.”

The word spread like ripples on still water. I felt a churning in my stomach, a sense of emptiness welling up inside me, as if the word itself created an emptiness that had never existed before.

Levi whimpered softly, and Biscuit snuggled closer to him.

“Why me?” I managed to ask.

Marcus pulled out a chair and sat down, gesturing for me to sit as well. Levi remained lying on the bed, silent but focused, his tail tightly wrapped around Biscuit, as if protecting it.

“Because of your bloodline,” Marcus said. “The Dorman family has always been messengers, Eric. Your great-grandfather delivered plague in 1929, at the beginning of the Great Depression. Your great-great-grandmother delivered war in 1871, during Reconstruction. And your father…” He paused. “Your father was supposed to deliver famine relief in 1985. But he ran away. Before the final delivery was confirmed, but… he strongly resisted, so we had to find someone else.”

I sat down heavily, my legs suddenly going weak. “Waiting for what?”

“This time the cycle is short and we believe it is waiting for you.” Marcus leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. “Eric, these four timelines don’t follow a human rhythm. Sixty, seventy, ninety years—these are just suggestions, not hard and fast rules. They’re flexible in some ways, and irrelevant in others. I don’t know why, but I think Famine is waiting for Roy Dorman to have a son. Waiting for his son to join the company, waiting for him to prove himself worthy of this responsibility.”

I thought of my father in his small apartment, the walls plastered with…

“He knew it would happen,” I said softly.

“He sensed it.” Marcus smiled, but the smile was filled with sadness and pity. “But Eric, I think you can’t just let this delivery go. Someone in your blood will eventually lead Famine to revival. The only question is, is that person you, or your descendant?”

The apartment was quiet. I could hear the hum of the refrigerator in the kitchen, the dripping of the bathroom faucet I’d been trying to fix, and Levi’s rapid, shallow breathing.

“What should I do?”

Marcus stood up, walked to the window, and looked at the city lights outside. “To the Land of Revival. It lies deep in the desert, beyond the roads, beyond the maps, beyond those named places. The journey will take about two weeks. I will accompany you, as your guide. You will carry Famine.” He tapped his satchel lightly. “In the Land of Revival, you will release it. It will self-destruct, and in the process, it will destroy you.”

“Will it kill me?”

“It will completely devour you.” According to human calculations, you will exist in the cycle of Famine for about three minutes. What happens within those three minutes will determine everything. Some messengers will change, some will break, and some will never appear at all.

“What if I survive?”

Marcus turned to face me, and for the first time since I had known him, he seemed so hesitant. His usual confidence, his unwavering certainty of seven hundred years, now flickered like a candle flame in the wind. “If you survive, you’ll understand why I’ve persisted for seven hundred and forty-three years. You’ll understand the choices I made, whether they were wise, cowardly, or whatever. And you, having fully understood their significance, will make your own choices.”

Levi lifted his head from the bed, his voice soft and tense. “Does he have to go alone?”

“No,” Marcus said, his expression softening. “The escort can bring companions, if they wish.” The journey is dangerous, but no more dangerous than many of the previous delivery missions. In some ways, even safer. The desert’s hostility is undisguised; it never conceals its true nature.

“I’m coming,” Levi said, standing immediately, his tail swishing sharply, his tone resolute. “I’m going with you.”

“Levi—”

“I’m coming.” His voice was firm, carrying an adult confidence, yet his youthful face couldn’t fully bear that confidence. “You took me in. You taught me how to blend in like a human, and how to survive like an outsider. You are my family. Wherever you go, I will go.”

Biscuit stood up and barked, its voice sharp and clear. Its meaning was obvious, evident in its hunched shoulders and perked ears.

Marcus nodded slowly. “It’s settled then. Set off at sunrise. Take water, salt, and bread, nothing else. The desert provides everything it has, and what it doesn’t provide, you don’t need.”

“How do we get there? That deep desert. That nameless place.”

“Like any place we go that doesn’t belong to this world.” Marcus walked toward the door. “We’ll ride horses.” He pulled a business card from his pocket and placed it on the table next to his bag. “Meet me at this address. Sunrise. Don’t be late. Famine won’t wait patiently, even if it has waited for decades.”

He left, and the apartment seemed much larger because of his departure, as if he occupied a space much larger than his actual size. The air seemed thinner, easier to breathe.

I looked at the business card. It was an address on the outskirts of the city, on an industrial wasteland where a highway met an abandoned railway. A place I had never been, and had never needed to be.

“Dad?” Levi climbed off the bed and stood beside me, his tail still sticking out, his eyes filled with worry and childlike innocence. “Are you scared?”

I thought about it carefully. Three years ago, my answer would definitely have been “yes,” absolutely, terrified out of my wits. But three years of delivering goods had changed my understanding of fear. I understood that the universe was stranger than I had imagined, but also more logical. It had its own rules, even those not familiar to me from childhood. With caution, with careful observation, with following instructions, one could navigate it.

“No,” I said slowly, “I don’t think I’m scared. Should I be?”

“I don’t know. But I’m scared for you.”

I placed my hand on his shoulder, feeling the subtle changes in his muscles; his joints were slightly different from humans. “It’s alright. You can be afraid for both of us.” “I’ll try my best to come back alive.”

He leaned against me, his tail wrapped around my legs, a gesture of trust and affection that always moved me deeply. “You promise you’ll come back?”

“I promise I’ll do everything in my power.”

That was the most sincere answer I could give. In this job, any promise was a lie, and I had learned not to lie to those who trusted me.

We spent the rest of the time packing. The water in the bottle might never run out. The bread kept fresh longer than normal bread. Salt in leather bags. These seemingly simple things had to cope with a complex journey.

The address pointed to a stable that shouldn’t exist, a building made of old wood and even older stone, standing alone amidst broken concrete and rusty industrial equipment. The dawn painted everything gold and red, the colors of end and beginning, a symbol of death and rebirth.

The building looked incredibly old, much older than the surrounding abandoned factories and warehouses. The wood, etched black by time, was almost black; the stones, smoothed by wind and rain, were grazed smooth. There were no signs, no indications of what this place was, or the meaning of its existence. It simply stood there silently, as if it had always existed, and would always exist.

Marcus waited outside, four horses tethered to a post inscribed with symbols I couldn't decipher, symbols that seemed to change when I looked at them. Three of them were the patient, robust horses I'd seen before when transporting goods, those mares familiar with the impossible, who moved without hesitation between different worlds. They were all ordinary in appearance, brown and gray, with calm eyes and steady postures.

The fourth horse was entirely different.

It was pure black, without a single shade. Not dark brown, not dark gray, just black. As it moved, the darkness moved with it, as if the horse itself carried a lack of light, a small patch of shadow. Its eyes were wise and ancient, far beyond the age of any animal's eyes. When it looked at me, I felt a resonance that transcended sight. It saw more than just my body; it saw something deeper, something more essential.

“This is your horse,” Marcus said, pointing to the black horse. “Its name is Hiatus. It carried other messengers on their final deliveries. Now, it will carry you.”

I approached slowly, cautiously extending my hand. Hiatus lowered its head, its nostrils flaring, sniffing my breath. Its breath was warm and strong, carrying the scent of cinnamon and ashes, spices and burning, and something that shouldn't be the breath of a horse. I stroked its neck; its fur was hot, pressed against my hand.The handcuffs almost made me uncomfortable, but not painful. The feeling was just right, almost unbearable.

“Hello, Hiatus.”

He neighed softly, the sound echoing in my chest like a drumbeat, like the bass of some enormous instrument. I felt my ribs, spine, even the back of my teeth vibrate.

Levi had already claimed a mare, a gray horse, seemingly unconcerned about his unpredictable nature. The mare stood calmly as Levi checked the saddle; his movements were still somewhat unnatural, but the horse didn't seem to mind. She had carried things even stranger than shapeshifters.

Biscuit sat obediently beside the fourth horse, a brown mare with gentle eyes. It waited for Marcus to lift it into its specially made saddlebag. Biscuit settled comfortably, its head peeking out, ready to depart.

Marcus handed me a heavy leather satchel, a gesture carrying profound significance. “This is famine. Don’t open it. Don’t look inside. Don’t try to communicate with what’s inside. Just take it. When we reach the Land of Restoration, you’ll naturally know what to do. That feeling will come naturally.”

The satchel was much heavier than I’d felt in the apartment, a heaviness that wasn’t entirely physical. It had weight, yes, but also an indescribable density. Like holding a collapsed star, something crammed too much into a small space. The backpack vibrated slightly in my hands, rhythmic like breathing or a heartbeat. When I slung it over my shoulder, I felt something deep inside respond, an emptiness, as if my stomach had suddenly realized it was empty, and would always be empty, never to be filled no matter how much I ate.

“Hunger,” Marcus said, observing my expression closely, “is the presence of famine. It will grow stronger as we go. These past few weeks, no matter how much you eat, it will feel like months without food. That’s normal. This hunger isn’t a craving for food, but a craving for existence. It’s a craving for emptiness itself, a craving to be filled but never being filled.”

“That’s really comforting,” I said, adjusting my shoulder straps.

Marcus skillfully mounted his horse, his movements effortless, as if he’d been doing this for centuries. “We’ll head north, then west, and finally south into the depths of the desert. By conventional measurement, it’s about five hundred miles, but once we leave the world as depicted on a map, distance takes on a completely different meaning. Numbers no longer matter. Stay close to us. Don’t stray from the route. Once we set off, don’t look back at the cities. Looking back becomes an anchor point, and where we’re going, anchor points are dangerous.” I carefully mounted Hiatus, feeling the warmth of his body through the saddle and the power hidden in his muscles. He shifted down slightly, adjusting to my weight. I had a feeling he was sizing me up, judging whether I was worthy of his carrying.

“Ready?” Marcus asked, his gaze sweeping over each of us in turn.

“Not yet,” I answered honestly. “But let’s go anyway.” "

The sun had just risen when we set off—four riders, a dog, hungry, heading towards an unnamed place.

The city slowly disappeared behind us. I didn't look back. My gaze remained fixed ahead, on Hiatus's black ears, on the road ahead.

For the first few hours, we rode along familiar roads. The suburban houses were all identical, the lawns neatly trimmed. Nail salons, pizzerias, and dollar stores lined the streets. At gas stations, early morning commuters filled up their tanks and bought coffee from paper cups. This was typical of American urban sprawl, the infrastructure of daily life.

But as  the sun rose higher, everything began to change.

The distance between buildings began to lengthen, gaps appearing between them. Then, these gaps widened. The details of the houses became blurred, their features bland, becoming monotonous, more like symbols of houses than real homes. The commercial streets along the way also looked less authentic, like movie sets shot from the wrong angle.

By midday, we rode through an area that was no longer entirely real.

The ground beneath our hooves was hard earth, the color of old bones, dry and cracked. The sky was blue, but this blue seemed faded, as if it had been exposed to the sun for too long, the color cracking... The darkness began to recede. There were no landmarks, no features, no signs of human presence, not even a trace of human existence. No power lines. No fences, no roads, only an endless expanse of flat land, empty and desolate.

We rode in silence. The only sounds were the rhythmic clatter of hooves on the hard earth, the creaking of leather saddles, and the occasional clanging of harnesses. Even the wind was still, almost a whisper, without a scent, without stirring a speck of dust.

The hunger grew stronger.

At first it was just a slight discomfort, easily overlooked. But by the evening of the first day… This feeling, however, grew stronger. A gnawing emptiness, unrelated to my stomach. I ate dinner—the bread and jerky Marcus had prepared—but the food did nothing to alleviate my hunger. It was like pouring water into a bottomless pit. The food did reach somewhere, sustaining my bodily functions, but the emptiness remained.

That night, we camped in an open area, with no shelter, nor did we need any. The air was neither hot nor cold, just peaceful, simply existing. We didn't light a fire, because there was nothing to burn. We simply spread out our sleeping bags and fell asleep peacefully under the star-studded night sky, the stars a different color, forming constellations I couldn't recognize.

"Dad?" Levi's voice came from the darkness beside me. Seeking comfort, he had transformed back into his canine form, curled up beside the biscuit, the two dogs huddled together for warmth, even though warmth wasn't needed at night.

"Hmm?"

"How long will we go hungry?"

"Marcus said two weeks."

"Two weeks is a long time." "Yes."

"I don't like it."

"Me neither."

We were silent for a moment, then Levi said, "But we'll get through this together, right?"

"Yes." He quieted down, and soon I heard his breathing deepen as he drifted off to sleep. But I remained awake, staring at the starry sky I shouldn't have seen, my hunger growing stronger.

The next day was even harder.

The scenery before me became more abstract. The once bone-white earth was gradually replaced by something that was no longer earth; its texture was like compacted powder, fine and smooth, almost like ash. The sky's color faded even more, gradually changing from a faded blue to a near-gray, finally disappearing into nothingness.

Sometimes we could see shapes in the distance. They might be buildings, creatures, geological formations, or none of these. They swayed in the heat that shouldn't exist, because the temperature remained neutral, that peculiar, neither-hot-nor-cold temperature unique to this place. No matter how long we rode, those shapes remained forever out of reach. They were always on the horizon, unattainable, yet always present.

Hunger was ever-present, filling my chest, stomach, and throat. I ate lunch—more bread, some bland cheese. The food tasted like dust in my mouth. From that seemingly... He drinks from a seemingly inexhaustible jug, yet the water does nothing to quench his thirst. It merely flows through his body, sustaining his life, while his essence remains empty.

Levi now changes form more frequently; he cannot remain human for long. He can ride a horse in human form for an hour, then crawl on all fours beside it, whimpering softly. Then he will roll over again, forcing himself back into human form, struggling to maintain it. But hunger also affects him, making him uncontrollable, even forgetting what he was originally supposed to look like.

Only The biscuit seemed unchanged, still obediently in its saddlebag, still there, still silently keeping us company. But even it was quieter than usual, conserving its energy, vigilantly observing the surrounding scenery.

Marcus rode at the head of the group, steady and resolute; seven hundred years of experience had shielded him from the harshest aspects of the desert. But even he was quieter than usual; his signature Cheshire Cat smile had become a slight upturn at the corners of his mouth.

The next evening, we camped again in the desolate desert. I asked him, “Can things get any worse?”

“Much worse,” he said simply. “This is just the edge. We haven’t even reached the heart of the desert yet. You’ll know when we get there.”

“How worse??”

“The sand.” "

On the third day, the sand arrived.

At first, the appearance of the sand was a gradual process. The initially ash-like powder gradually became coarser, with a stronger granular texture, until finally it became real sand. At first, the sand was scattered sparsely on the bone-white earth, like sprinkled sugar granules. Then, the sand piled up into small mounds, forcing the horses to detour. Finally, the sand formed dunes, undulating stretches before us.

Accompanying the sand was intense heat.

This heat arrived so swiftly, as if we had crossed an invisible boundary, entering another world. The previously pleasant temperature vanished..." Instead, a fierce, fiery assault assaulted the area. The sky turned from gray to white, a ghastly white that stung to look at. The sun, which I rarely noticed in the ordinary world, now blazed like a scorching flame, a molten brass pan, pouring down heat as if it were liquid.

In less than an hour, I was drenched in sweat. My clothes clung to my body, stained with salt, and were very uncomfortable. Hiatus's black fur seemed to absorb the heat and reflect it back, but he showed no discomfort. He walked steadily forward, his hooves sinking slightly into the sand with each step.

Hunger became unbearable.

It was no longer just emptiness. It was a visceral pain, a churning torment in my stomach, as if something was trying to tear it out. I drank water incessantly, but it offered no relief. At midday, I tried to eat bread, but I couldn't swallow it. My throat felt blocked, refusing any food, even though my body craved nourishment.

Levi had now completely transformed into an animal, running on all fours beside the horse, his form appearing and disappearing, elusive and unpredictable, sometimes like a dog, sometimes a fox, sometimes a wolf, sometimes something else entirely—something unnameable. He had given up trying to maintain his human form. Hunger had stripped away all his pretense. That night, we camped in the shade of a sand dune, but for some reason, it offered no shade whatsoever. Even after sunset, the heat persisted, seemingly emanating from the sand itself, as if the desert had absorbed the daytime heat and then slowly released it into the night.

Marcus efficiently distributed our meager dinner as usual, but I noticed he barely ate. I realized he didn't need to eat. Whatever he would become seven hundred years from now, he had long since transcended ordinary hunger.

"How much further?" I asked, my voice hoarse from thirst despite having drunk water all day.

"Not sure,That wasn't really an answer," he said.

That night, I dreamt of hunger. Not a craving for food, but a craving for meaning, for purpose, for satiety. In the dream, I opened my mouth and found a door, from which emerged an endless procession, each one emaciated, desperate and helpless, reaching for what I couldn't give. I tried to feed them, but my hands were empty. I tried to talk to them, but no sound came out. I could only watch helplessly as they walked past one after another, hunger and despair seemingly endless.

When I woke up, I found Levi curled up beside me, his tail wrapped around my wrist, his breathing rapid and shallow. Even in his sleep, he clung to me, seeking the comfort of closeness.

"Did you have a nightmare?" “I asked softly.

He opened his eyes, which glowed faintly in the darkness—a side effect of his non-human nature. “A dream of hunger,” he whispered. “In the dream, I kept eating and eating and eating, but I still felt empty. Is this famine? Is this what it feels like?”

“I think so. I think this is famine.”

“It’s terrible.”

“Yes.”

“How do people endure this hunger? I…”

It was a good question, a compassionate one. “I don’t know, maybe humans are persistent.”

“You are human.”

“I am most of the time.”

“I think not now. After all this, perhaps you won’t be anymore.” "He's become somewhat confused.

Perhaps he's right.

By the fourth day, the scene before me had become completely abstract, disconnected from any reality I could perceive.

The dunes were no longer just dunes. They had transformed into sculptural forms, mathematical curves, hinting at some kind of intelligence. They had formed after… Their undulations were almost natural in their regularity, almost random in their perfection. Spirals, spiral lines, fractal iterations—each dune was a variation on a theme, yet I could never fully comprehend it.

Heat transcended physical temperature, transforming into something—a quality of air, an inherent attribute of existence itself. It wasn't just that the air was hot. Heat had become the fundamental essence of this place, the basis from which all things arose.

We saw something.

In the distance, some buildings appeared, shimmering in the heat waves." Swaying in the sand. Some buildings were too tall, too thin, too angular. Some towers spiraled upwards, reaching into the sky and disappearing in the dazzling light. Some walls stretched for miles, perfectly straight, defining the boundary between nothingness and nothingness. Some doorways stood alone in the dunes, like structures without frameworks, leading into empty spaces.

Sometimes, these structures were even living organisms.

On the fifth day, we passed a skull half-buried in a dune. It was enormous, a full twenty feet tall, with eye sockets large enough for me to stand inside. The bone was paper-white, clean and smooth, without a trace of flesh or cartilage. Whatever it had once been, it wasn't human, and I couldn't call it anything. Its jaw structure was off, with too many teeth, and the shape of its cranial cavity was unlike any brain structure I knew.

"What is that?" “Levi asked softly. He had struggled to regain his human form that morning, though it had taken considerable effort. He pointed to the skull, his hands trembling slightly.

“Something very ancient,” Marcus said. “Something from before.”

“Before what?”

“Before the world decided what form humans wanted to take. Before the rules solidified, before physics and biology took shape.” He pointed to the skull as we rode past. This is what I mean by the deep, layered desert. Time, place, and all possibilities are compressed here. Many things perish here. Ancient things. The original things. Things that existed in an era when reality was still debatable—you can imagine your computer's recycle bin.

As we went on, more and more bones came into view. Ribs, like cathedral arches, large enough to pass underneath. Vertebrae the size of cars, scattered across the sand like abandoned sculptures. A jawbone stretched for a quarter of a mile, teeth worn smooth by gravel, wind, and time, each tooth as tall as a person.We walked silently through the ossuary, overwhelmed by its scale, its age, and the incredible sheer size of the creatures that had once lived and perished there.

Hunger was now unbearably intense, screaming incessantly in my nerves. I couldn't remember what it felt like not to be hungry. Food had become an abstract concept, something that happened to other people elsewhere. The bread we ate was tasteless, like cardboard, like dust. Water in my mouth felt like dust, meaningless, disappointing.

By the sixth day, Levi had completely abandoned his human form. He ran alongside the horses like a hybrid of half-dog, half-fox, half-wolf, and half-something else, his form fluid and blurred, as if he couldn't remember what he was supposed to be, or found a fixed form too tiring. His tail swayed between fox-like fluffiness and wolf-like thickness. His ears were sometimes pointed, sometimes rounded, sometimes bent backward. His legs would lengthen or shorten depending on the terrain.

He no longer spoke, but communicated with whimpers, barks, and body language. But I could still understand him. We developed a vocabulary of gestures and sounds that transcended language.

Biscuit stayed in his saddlebag, conserving his energy, patiently observing the surrounding scenery. He was the only one among us who seemed completely unchanged, though I noticed he had stopped eating altogether. He would drink water offered to him, but refused food. It was as if he understood that food was meaningless here, and hunger could not be satisfied in the conventional way.

On the sixth night, Marcus spoke first, his voice breaking the oppressive silence. Because we, at least I, were all somewhat afraid of nothingness.

“You once asked me if I was happy,” he said. We were sitting around another camp, without shelter, without comfort, just a place to stop and rest for a few hours. “Do you remember?”

I nodded.

“I think the last time I felt happy was many years ago. His name is Jacob." My mouth was dry, but I sat down to rest and listen to his story.
Title: I’m being erased from reality. I’m standing in my own living room, and my mother is asking me for my ID. (Part 2)

The sirens of the police car were the only thing keeping me grounded as we pulled into my neighborhood. Every streetlamp I passed felt like a small victory against the suffocating darkness of that school. Finally, we stopped in front of my house. The lights were on, casting a warm, yellow glow onto the driveway. It looked so painfully normal—so quiet. I didn't even wait for the officer to come around and open the door; I scrambled out, my legs shaking, and ran toward the entrance.

I hammered on the heavy wooden door, my sobs breaking the silence of the night. I expected the door to fly open. I expected my mother to scream my name, her face stained with tears, pulling me into a bone-crushing hug. I had practiced what I would say to comfort her.

The door creaked open slowly. It was my father. He stood there in his house clothes, but his face… there was no terror in his eyes. No relief. Just a cold, polite confusion that chilled me more than the night air.

"Yes, young lady?" he said, his voice steady and calm, as if he were talking to a delivery person. "Are you lost? Did you get the wrong address?"

The world tilted. I pushed past him, collapsing into the hallway as he stood there in shock. I screamed for my mother at the top of my lungs. She stepped out from the kitchen, holding her evening coffee. Even in my panic, I noticed how she stayed back, ensuring she wasn't in the direct line of sight of the male officer at the door—a habit of modesty ingrained in our culture. She looked at the policeman, then at me, and asked with genuine curiosity, "Is there a problem, officer? Who is this girl?"

I started babbling, my words tripping over each other. I reminded them of our last family trip to the desert, showed them the initials on my schoolbag, begged them to look into my eyes. They just traded pitying glances, looking at me like I was some poor, mentally ill stranger who had wandered off the street and into their lives.

"Honey, we don't have a daughter named Raghad," my mother said softly, her voice full of a terrifying kindness.

I bolted toward my bedroom. I needed my ID, my childhood photos—anything to prove I wasn't a ghost. I flung the door open and my heart hit the floor. It wasn't my room. It was a storage space. Dilapidated, thick with the smell of old dust and stagnant air, piled high with cardboard boxes I didn't recognize. My bed, my clothes, my posters of the stars… everything was gone. It was as if I had never taken a single breath in that house.

Frantic, I began tearing through the boxes, throwing old papers and junk aside. Beneath layers of dusty curtains, I found a single, framed photo. My parents were smiling at a park, but there was a jagged, faded gap in the center next to them—as if someone had been physically erased from the film.

At the bottom of the box, my fingers brushed against leather. An old diary. The handwriting on the cover was an exact, haunting match to my own. It read: "My name is Raghad. If they forget me… the school is the reason."

The realization hit me like a physical blow, stealing the air from my lungs. The "other" Raghad—the one the girls whispered about—wasn't just a legend. She was a victim, just like me. I understood now. Anyone who is trapped in that storage room after hours isn't just forgotten; they are scrubbed away from the very fabric of the world’s memory.

The police eventually led me back outside, apologizing to my "parents" for the disturbance. They told me I must have confused this house for another in my traumatized state. I’m standing in the street now, the cold wind biting through my uniform. I am completely alone, except for the "Black Shadow." I can see it now, standing just out of reach, its featureless face reflected in the dark glass of the street windows. It’s watching me, waiting for the very last piece of my identity to vanish into the night.

Stories of Azoof 🎶

\[Part 1\]([
Title: I just received a letter from my childhood friend. He died ten years ago

**There’s a folklore in my school that has existed for generations, but it was real.**

I only felt regret, again and again. It is useless to try to flatten my shattered mind after seeing that tree. I know I will not be in this world much longer, but this must be known. I hope no one else makes the same mistake.

I was at a school called St John's College, which, perhaps, would not be found on any record or maps now. It was located on an island they called Turtle Island, which looked exactly like a titanic turtle floated. 

The campus and dormitory were on different sides of the island; therefore, we took school buses to move between the dormitory and the campus itself.

Miko, a boy with red hair, we were in the same dorm room, he was the chairman of a secret student organization called the "Party of Red Hair." 

Miko wasn't someone really nice to me, but that day he totally changed. He walked in with an envelope sealed in dried blood.

He walked toward my bed, his eyes full of horror.

"This one is for you," he said in a strangely soft voice unlike his mocking sound before.

"It’s strange. I found this at the bus stop today. I thought it was something lost by a schoolmate, until I saw your name on it," he continued.

"The words were written in something scarlet... it looks like blood. I didn’t open it. Perhaps you have trouble with the mob or some weirdos. Good luck to you, and take care."

He left the room at a fast speed, as if escaping something in horror. I touched the seal. It was sticky and smelled of iron. I opened the envelope, and my heart stopped. The name at the top was "Duke Windson." Duke was my best friend who had died of cancer when we were ten.

I began to read the letter, and a wave of horror washed over me. The content was chilling:

"Dear Will, I hope this letter finds you well, because we are soon going to meet again—in hell."

"I still remember everything from when I was alive. Time is just nonsense to me now. I am not what mortals call death. I, and others, are at a state beyond your understanding. We are not at the other side; perhaps closer to hell in your language, but that is not totally accurate."

"You will know what I mean soon, Will, my best but only friend. That night when you took me home, I was pretty weak. My parents left me alone, knowing every effort was useless against the rules of nature. But what happened next will destroy everyone’s idea about life and death."

"After I closed and opened my eyes, I was on a road, the dark road covered with sand. Perhaps I was just in heaven, I thought at that time, but this heaven seems different from what I saw in the books."

"The starless sky above me, trees stretched their hands.  I can hear the sound of the sea, the tide rising and falling. Everything else was pretty quiet. I don't really know why I walk on this road, the road that I didn't visit before, perhaps this was the fate. "

"I walked for a long time in silence; there was no sound of birds and bugs, only the sound of my footsteps on the dark sand road and the sound of the sea. I can feel the strong odor of the sea, until suddenly I hear the sound of the engine from behind. I thought of nothing more than a car passing by, so I just turned my neck to see if anything could be special this time."

The letter just ended suddenly.

He seem left me to imagine this, which sounds like the murmur from a madman, but really followed his pattern of imaginative, perhaps he just wrote everything before, and delegated someone to give this to me at this time. Just make his last trick for me after his death.

I thought this might be Miko's trick before, but I still can't explain why he wrote like my friend; his writing was pretty messy. Perhaps Miko uses some effort trying to shock me to death. I thought.

"What if this were true? He tried to tell me something," I thought. This intrusive idea just like a stimuli active my neurons in the brain. I begin to read the letter again more carefully. Until my eyes finally fixed on the line "...on the sand road and sound of sea..." This wasn't the trails that could exist in the town where he lived.

Our town wasn't near the coast, and none of the trails were made of sand like that. But there's only one place I know that can be similar to his description: The turtle island, the trail that connects dorm rooms and our campus, or perhaps just his imagination? There are a bunch of other trails like this in this world.

Suddenly, a knocking on my door and heavy footsteps awoke me from my immersion. Miko reappeared, his face panicked and sweaty.

"Will, I think we got something really bad. Something horrible on this island," Miko panted. He looked pretty different from how he was supposed to act in this situation.

This time, the true horror was revealed in his eyes, which told me he wasn't lying or making another mischief; he tried to shock me more than once.

"The old folklore has been proved today, just like 500 years ago. We shall not ignore those tales; they are not nonsense. The only reason I literally run kilometers through the trail to see you in this dormitory is that perhaps."

"Perhaps what? " I asked in a lack of patience.

"Perhaps that we are the only two men alive on this island."

I tried to pretend to be calm, but I failed and began to get in range. "Please tell me you are joking, Miko. I already get sick of your ideas!"

"Last time was your damn skulls, this time first was a damn letter from my deceased friend, and then you told me others have died! Do you think I would believe you?"

"Do you remember last time you took me to your party's secret hall and let me take a look at 100 skeletons of the ancestors as decoration on the upper floor? How shocking that was to me! I almost called the police! "

"Now I can tolerate it no more. Get back to your party and leave me alone! You don't know you are humiliating my miserable friends this time?" I almost screamed at him due to rage

"Please, Will, " His voice softer, "this time is true! Just believe me. I sincerely apologize for what happened in that hall that night. It was my fault. But this time, it was really, already out of my understanding," He began to speak in a begging voice.

"Please, Will, the letter I gave you was actually true. I am sorry to hear about your friend, but you can look at that again, it was not my writing style, I wasn't someone good at writing," He said.

"I am just waiting for you to apologize for almost a year," I said, then I gave him a glass of water and took him to sit on my bed for a while. When he finally stopped gasping, he spoke again.

"Do you know that on this island, there’s a cave, deep underground? Every 500 years, daemons—the unspoken things—come out and cause an earthquake. It sounds absurd, but it really happened in history, and it's also going to happen today!"

He took out a yellowish book. "I stole it from the school’s archive. It happened on this island, 500 years ago!"

"Wait?" I said. "You mean no one stops you? The guard was pretty annoying, you know."

"Yep, no one is trying to stop me. They are. I can't explain too much, but we have to go to the campus now. Something is totally wrong here. Prepare to be shocked this time.

I opened the old book. Some part of it already been destroyed by mold, the yellowish page showed it was really old. It was a diary from the founder of St. John's College. It explained how the missionaries founded the school here, and the first group of students were the kids of the local islanders. They seemed to enjoy the school at first, and for a while, everything was peaceful.

However, one day, the elders of the tribes suddenly pay a visit to the missionaries in a state of absolute panic.

"Please, stop the school, because the monsters, the daemons, will go out today!" the elder who can speak English warned them.

"Every 500 years, when the island begins moving, the daemons will rise from the holes, and everyone will die. Please, hide all the kids in the caves above the mountain and close the school!"

Obviously, the missionaries ignored the warnings as superstition and asked them to leave the school as soon as possible. They don't have time for those boring stories.

However, later that night, a missionary named John dreamed of his dead mother standing beside his bed. She was calling him. Her voice, every tone, every word's style, was accurate with his memory.

She was calling him, follow her, they will go to a place, a place that has no pain, illness, only happiness and immortality, embrace this precious gift to the undying. She said. However, reality dragged him up from his dream.

Suddenly, the ground shook so hard that he was thrown from his bed.

He opened his eyes and found his mother's voice still beside him. He looked around and just saw his brother standing there, calling him in his mother's voice.

Behind his brother’s head, a blood-colored flower was blooming. He tried to take it out, but its roots were growing deep into the skull. He rushed out of the room in fear. Around him, every islander and his colleagues had the same flower blooming from their heads.

When we finished reading, the land began to shake. Every muscle in our bodies shivered. We held each other’s hands and walked quietly out of the empty dormitory.

Under the dark, starless sky—the same day Duke had described—we walked onto that dark road full of sand. Then we heard it: the sound of an engine. But this time, it was not behind us. It was right in front of us, on the campus. We prepared for anything that might be waiting for us.
Title: Appalachian Sprites

I’ve lived in the mountainous region of southern West Virginia my entire life, my family lived in a tiny town about 45 minutes south of Charleston by the name of Whitesville. (we no longer live there, and yes I’m aware of the famous family that lives there) Every year right at the change of the seasons my grandmother would have me go with her to take offerings to invisible creatures she’s only explained to me as sprites. I’ve only seen them once and now that I have, I wouldn’t refer to them with a name that has such a kind connotation. The winter of 1998 was particularly bad early on, my grandmother had issues with her knees and was unable to take the offering due to our recent snowfall. 

Since the timing of the offerings were so important she insisted that I did it myself, at the time it wasn’t a big deal since these loaves of bread and sweets that she had left would always sit there for a few days before getting taken by what I assumed were animals. I found out very quickly my assumption was wrong and I wish I had taken it more seriously to this day. I grabbed the bread and homemade sweets and headed for our three spots, one was at the mouth of a creek. The second spot was an opening used by deer and other animals in the tree line of a small forest near us, and the final spot was at the base of a mountain at the edge of town. I walked to the creek first then the forest and placed the offerings, but it was getting cold and dark so instead of walking to the mountain’s offering location I hopped in my side by side and rode it there. Even after my grandma specifically told me to walk.

I got out of the vehicle and walked the 50 or so feet to the offering plate and glanced up the mountain as I set down the food. When I looked up I saw my grandma standing on a cliff facing away from me speaking softly to something in her hands. I called out to her and she didn’t move so assuming she hadn’t heard me I hiked up the small but steep trail to get to her. I continued to call out to her as I hiked but never got an answer, finally I reach the cliff edge she was on and touched her shoulder to get her attention. As soon as my finger touched her I noticed that all of the noises around us stopped. The wind stoped blowing, the birds stoped, the snow was no longer crunching under my feet. The snow wasn’t even cold any more, before I could realize what was happening i say

“What are you doing out here”

She continued to mutter at something in her hands that I couldn’t quite see, I tried to speak again but the sound was muffled like hearing my own voice coming from a separate room. I tried to turn her around but she didn’t budge, it was like trying to turn a stone pillar. Just as cold too, there was no warmth to her. I tried to speak again and no sound came out at all, suddenly the birds all started to caw at once. A gust of wind nearly knocked me down and the snow was colder than ever, it felt like snow had seeped in through my boots to hug my feet. I hear a voice come from all directions, it sounded like her but wasn’t. A combination of the gusts of wind and the chirping birds created a noise that sounded like her saying the sentence

“You broke the pact”

I freaked out, I ran back down the trail as fast as I could. I jumped into the side by side and looked to the cliff side where that thing that looked like her stood. It was now facing me and I could finally see it was holding a small pool of blood and a still beating heart in its hands. I looked up to where its face should’ve been and to my horror saw a constantly shifting mass of rock and gravel folding into itself. There was another powerful gust of wind that I was forced to shield my face from by looking down, a few seconds later I looked back up and she was running at me on all fours. I stepped on the gas and hauled ass back to the house, I had no idea what to do but I knew my grandmother would. I looked back checking occasionally to make sure that thing was no longer following me and saw that I was finally in the clear just before I pulled up to our front door. I ran inside to ask her what to do, but she was nowhere to be found. A fresh still steaming cup of coffee was on the end table next to her chair and her shoes were still by the door. We never found her, and I never saw that “sprite” again. A few days later I packed a bag and stayed with a friend up north near the Ripley area, I’ve never set foot in that particular holler since and never will.
Title: I own a small bed and breakfast in rural Maine. I hope you’re never a guest. [Part 4]

[Click here to see all chapters.](

CW: Child death, implied suicidality 

I’m so glad you all enjoyed learning about Charlie. He’s with me here and now as I write down what I am about to share, consuming as much of my pain as he can. Because today’s story is not one of my guests, but one of Cassandra’s. I like to imagine it’s one of her most important guests, too, but… well, you will see what I mean, I promise. 

——

December 1, 2017 

When you experience a profound loss, your world shifts into befores and afters. 

Before December 1st, 2017, I was a mother.

I had a 6 year old daughter named Amber, but I called her Ami. She had hair that was red like her father’s but eyes that were so brown they were almost black, just like my own. 

I was a younger mother. I had barely gratuated college when I found out that I was knocked up. My sort-of boyfriend at the time - Elijah - he wanted nothing to do with raising a kid or being a family, and I couldn’t blame him. He was about to move out of state for graduate school, and being thrust into parenthood didn’t exactly aid in that goal, so I gave him an out. 

“You do not have to be a father,” I promised him, “but you have to sign away any rights to her you have. You don’t get to come back when you are lonely in two years and want to pretend to be a dad. I won’t ask for money. I won’t send you updates. If she asks about you, I’ll tell her you loved her but you aren’t around anymore, and that I’ll tell her more when she’s older. You’re free, Elijah.” 

He took the chance and ran. When she was born, I let his parents be a part of her life, but he didn’t come knocking. 

I got married to Benjamin when Ami was three. He was a radiologist at the hospital where I was an ER nurse, and casual conversations outside of radiation zones wearing lead aprons turned into coffee in the cafeteria and that turned into walking down the aisle at First Unitarian in Des Moines. Ben loved Ami like she was his own. 

When she started school in 2016, we decided that we were secure enough financially with his job that I could work part time second shifts so I could be there when Ami got on and off the bus. This arrangement worked really well, and I loved watching her cross the street to run into my arms after what felt like an eternity of her being out of the house. 

The first of December was a Friday morning. In the before, I hugged Ami goodbye and told her to have a great day at school. I told her I loved her. She told me she loved me back and turned toward the bus. She looked both ways, like she always did, and then she stepped onto the pavement. 

The final moments of the before were marked by me watching in impossible slow motion as a Lexus SUV flew around the corner down the street and barreled toward where Bus 18 was idling with no sign of stopping. 

I reached out with arms that felt like lead to grab the handle of Ami’s backpack that was just a hair’s breadth away from my fingertips. Someone screamed her name - it may have been me, even - and then it was the after. 

I went numb. I barely remembered the funeral, I barely remembered the hunt for the driver of that Lexus. I think I remember Ben begging me with tear stained cheeks to come back to him, and I think I remember walking out the door without saying another word. 

I drove for weeks. If I slept, which I rarely did, I slept in my car or seedy roadside motels. I made companions with bedbugs and black mold and pillows that smelled of mildew and stale cigarette smoke. I drove from Iowa to Illinois and then down to Mississippi, then Alabama, then Florida and then finally up interstate 95 because I was tired of making decisions at interchanges. 

When I was in Maine, the highways turned to glorified roads. I read a pamphlet in Gardiner about an observatory bridge in Bucksport that offered stunning views of the area and decided that’s where I’d go. 

It wasn’t because I wanted to see Verona Island from above. It’s because the Bucksport Observatory Bridge has 135 feet of clearance over the frigid waters of the Penobscot River in January. 

I was looking for somewhere to stay, so I typed into my maps, searching for a roadside motel that wouldn’t be closed for the season or ridiculous off season pricing. I had no service, so I continued driving, watching for posts of lodging nearby. I took a left turn just outside of Searsport, noting a sign that said there was a motel less than a mile away. 

There was no motel. The road switched from the mostly well groomed hot top of a state route to an unplowed mess, even though it hadn’t snowed in days, but I kept going until I could find a safe place to turn around. 

That’s when I saw the sign - The Cottage, open year round, bed and breakfast. Vacancy. The paint was peeling and the single light that illuminated the sign was actually supposed to be joined by at least three others, but I could see the porch light through the trees. 

There was only one other car there, a Subaru outback that was possibly from the late 2000s if I was being generous. I could see a figure shuffling behind the curtains and a flickering “Open 24/7” sign in the window, so I parked my car and walked up to the door. 

It opened before I had the chance to knock, and Cassandra was there smiling at me. “Welcome to The Cottage,” she purred, and the warmth of her smile made me relax a little. “Fifty dollars a night, no holds for incidentals, and breakfast at 8am.” 

I followed her to the desk she had set her register up at and handed her my license with a crumpled $50 bill. Her mouth shifted into a slight frown but she took it and marked down my information. 

From a drawer near her waist she grabbed a comically old looking iron key that had a plastic tag tied to it with twine. “Suite One, upstairs, first door on the right.” She watched me as if she was waiting for me to say or do something, but I just held my hand out for the key. “Come to breakfast in the morning, Marielle. Eight o’clock. It’s important.” 

I barely heard her, already on my way up the stairs. The carpet runner was worn as if thousands of people had stepped here before, but I was very clearly the only guest. 

The suite was extremely nice, the kind that people pay several hundred a night for. I tossed my bag onto the chair next to the bed and decided to shower. The frigid Maine air was seeping a bit too close to my bones and the way the steam rolled through the large bathroom was heavenly. 

I couldn’t remember the last time I’d showered. Somewhere in Georgia, maybe? It had been more days than I would have ever allowed before. Back when I was working. 

Back when I was someone else. 

I shampooed my hair three times until I heard my hair literally squeak clean and conditioned like I’d never conditioned before. The water pressure was divine, and the temperature seared my skin at that glorious point just below too hot entirely. 

I felt like a new person by the time I had wrapped my hair in a towel and settled onto the king sized bed. The sheets and pillowcases were silk and I found myself wishing I’d shaved to get the full heavenly clean experience of bare legs between cool silk sheets, but I was still beyond content. 

I relaxed for the first time in over a month and watched Law and Order: SVU until the episode changed to one about a child murder. The wooden analog clock on the wall read past midnight, so I decided that was some sort of divine intervention telling me that it was time for me to rest. 

I dreamed. Since Ami died, I had been plagued with nightmares reliving that horrible moment - my leaden arms, the screaming, the blood. Instead, I dreamed of her when we first went home together and I could barely breathe if I couldn’t see her. I just watched her sleep back when she was a newborn, awestruck at the new life I had brought into the world and was solely responsible for, memorizing the lines of her plump face and perfect pink lips. 

Instead of nightmares, I dreamed of her first day of kindergarten, when she came home so excited to tell me about her day and wanting me to join her the next. I dreamed of Mother’s Day crafts she made in preschool, of pictures with Santa, of giggles and smiles and tiny I love you’s. 

I woke up at 7:30 with tears on my cheeks but no racing heart. It felt like if I turned over, she’d be beside me; it felt like all of this was a bad dream and I’d just woken up on vacation. 

I repacked my bag and crept downstairs, intending to sneak out before breakfast, but the owner was waiting for me by the door. “Good morning,” she chirped, that same warm smile painted on her face. “You’re early, but don’t worry, breakfast is still ready.” 

Always the pushover, I let her lead me to the dining room and sit me in a chair in front of all of my favorite foods. Belgian waffles with strawberries and a mountain of whipped cream; bacon that was probably too crispy for any sane person; scrambled eggs with medium heat salsa; juicy purple grapes. Even the coffee - it smelled exactly the same as it did when my grandpa used to make it. 

I couldn’t help myself. I practically dove into the meal, tasting every blissful bite and experiencing each like a memory. Breakfast, every Saturday, at my grandpa’s. Waffles on Easter with my grandma. Intentionally desiccating my bacon because the way it crumbled in my mouth was my favorite thing. 

When my eating was slowing down from ravenous to merely starving, Cassandra spoke. “Tell me about your daughter, Marielle.” 

A week prior, those words would have made me dissociate if she was lucky; they may have made me throw a fist if she wasn’t. That day, though - maybe it was the food, or the blissful dreams the night before, or maybe I just didn’t care anymore - I settled into my chair, took a deep breath, and opened up. 

I told her everything I told you before. I told her about the accidental pregnancy, the new marriage, the joy of being a mom. I told her in every detail I could emotionally manage about the accident. I told her about leaving Ben, about the driving, about the bridge just a few miles away from here I was dying to see. I danced around the implication. 

The same frown from the night before marred her face, and when she spoke, the warmth in her voice was edged with sternness. “There is a future for you, one where you know love and joy again. There is a future for you where Amber’s memory is a blessing and not a weight to carry. It is closer than you might realize.” 

She sat beside me then and grabbed my hand in hers. They were small and frail with age, but warm and soft and somehow still strong. “That future will never exist if you leave here today the way you have planned. Do you understand me? The Cottage is a crossroads. Once you leave that door, you’ve decided which way you are going to turn. I would like to see you turn toward hope.” 

I measured her words. I didn’t know how, but she was speaking as if she knew the true reason I wanted to see the bridge. 

“I dreamed about her last night,” I blurted suddenly, wanting to take the focus off of her ability to read my mind. “About when she was a baby. I woke up in tears, like I’d relived all the love all at once.” 

Cassandra’s frown disappeared. “You dreamed? You dreamed like you experienced it in that moment?” I nodded, confused by her sudden excitement. Her hands, still clasping mine, tightened. “You can’t check out today. One more night. Please.” 

I opened my mouth, about to argue, to make up some excuse why I couldn’t stay, but no sound came out. I instead shrugged. “You know what, why the hell not?” 

Cassandra beamed. “You can join me for some puzzles if you like.” She looked down at our hands between us and then back up at me, then smacked her head. “I never introduced myself. I’m Cassandra, and it is a joy to have you here at The Cottage.” 

—— 

The night after that, Cassandra dreamt of The Cottage’s new owner. I did not pick this job, this work, this life. The Cottage - however it works - chose me. I would not have dared try to argue.

The Cottage and Cassandra saved my life that morning. 

Eventually, I did go to the bridge, but it really was to go up the observatory tower and see as far as my eyes would reach, as far as I could before the terrain blurred and the earth curved. 

If you get a chance, you should visit the Penobscot Narrows Bridge and Observatory in Bucksport, Maine. 

The view is incredible.
Title: Insanity

"*911, where is your emergency?*" the operator asked.

"HELP ME!" I shouted desperately. "I'M AT—"

A skinless woman lunged over the table and swiped at me, knocking the phone from my hand and sending it flying through the air.

Blood from her glistening body sprayed over my arm as I barely managed to avoid her clawing fingers. She was thrown off balance by my dodge and tripped over a chair, falling to the ground.

I stumbled backwards towards the bar, staring in horror at my phone—which was now broken on the hardwood floor behind her.

*This is a nightmare.* I had just been closing up the bar for the night—wiping down the tables—when suddenly the door crashed open and I was attacked by this blood-covered psychopath.

I had barely managed to hold her off long enough to call 911. What the hell was I supposed to do now? I was shaking with adrenaline and scared out of my mind.

Turning her skull toward me as she struggled to stand—pupils huge in wide, lidless eyes—she started giggling.

"whyareyouscareddon'tbeafraidofhellit'sokayi'llshowyou—" she chittered, her facial muscles pulling her mouth into a rictus grin.

For a moment I was frozen. Her insanity struck as a physical force. This monster was going to tear me to shreds. Laughing as she did it.

She rose in jerking motions onto her bleeding legs.

Snapping out of my paralysis, I turned, vaulted off a stool and over the bar top, landing behind the counter and twisting to face her.

She was about ten feet away and gaining speed when I threw a pint glass at her. It struck her chest and shattered. She didn't even flinch. A million glittering pieces hung in the air as she dove for me over the bar.

I screamed, jumping aside at the last second. She hit the wall and liquor bottles began falling to the floor in a cacophony of rattling glass.

She somehow landed on her feet, turned in one smooth motion, and sprang at me—sending us both crashing to the ground.

I frantically put my legs up to keep her raw, muscled arms away from my face. Rolling to my right, I managed to pin her left arm against the underside of the bar, and desperately grabbed her slick right arm before her hand could reach my throat.

She leaned forward, using all of her weight in an attempt to overpower me. Her muscles visibly rippled with exertion, coiling and uncoiling with every small movement.

Blood dripped from her face onto mine as I fought a desperate struggle to match her frenzied strength.

She grinned, laughing with hysterical, rapturous joy; weeping crimson tears as she pushed her fingers towards my neck.

I stared into her lidless, bloodshot eyes, and Hell stared back.

"STOP—" I managed, before she pressed down harder. It was difficult to get any purchase on her bleeding muscles.

"looKiNthEdooRanDyou'lLseEhell'SwhisperSwilLseTyoUfreE—" she sang, as I used every bit of strength to hold her off.

Her fingers were an inch from my throat. Sweat—and her blood—rolled down my face as madness and horror pressed in. This was the end.

"isawandiheardisawandiheardisawandiheard—" she gibbered, her unblinking eyes getting closer.

"GET—" I grunted out, fighting for my life. She was so strong. Impossibly strong.

*I'm going to die.*

With a final burst of adrenaline and nothing left to lose, I released my left hand from her slick wrist. Blindly searching the ground, my fingers found the neck of a fallen bottle.

"—OFF!" I screamed, and swung the whiskey bottle at her head with everything I had.

She must have had some self-preservation left, because she turned her head to the side as the bottle struck her.

The bottle fell from my numb fingers as she went limp.

I kicked her off me and scrambled backwards across the floor. Groaning, I grabbed the bar top and pulled myself up and over it. I crawled to a table and used it to climb to my feet.

My body was in agony; every aching muscle was on fire. I could hardly breathe, but I needed to escape. There was no stopping. I had to get away.

Limping, I staggered forward. I had to make it out the door. It wasn't far; I could make it. I just needed to keep moving.

I heard a quick series of wet "plap" noises on the hardwood floor.

Instinct saved me.

I grabbed the closest chair and swung it in a blind arc as I spun around, screaming.

She was running at me when the chair slammed into her legs; the sharp CRACK of breaking bone reached my ears as she fell forward.

The impact knocked her off course, but her shoulder still caught me in the side. My feet were swept from the floor and I landed on my back, hard.

"*NO!*" I screamed in fear as she dragged herself towards me in a frenzied burst of speed.

Her broken leg left a red smear across the hardwood as she dragged it. Nothing would stop her from getting her hands on me.

She giggled as I frantically pushed myself backwards, then suddenly opened her mouth and screamed at me louder than I've ever heard anyone scream.

"**I'MINHELLANDYOUASWELLANDI'MINHELLANDYOUASWELLAND**—"

She was piercingly loud and I lost my concentration—my hand slipped in blood that she had spilled earlier and I dropped fully to the floor.

On my back, I looked down at her. Her grin was wide as she closed in.

"—***I'MINHELLANDYOUASWELLANDI'MIN***—"

"AAAAHHHHHHH!" I screamed in utter terror as she suddenly lunged forward, reaching for me, her bloody fingers trembling in anticipation. I kicked out reflexively.

With a hideous squelch, my shoe slammed into her face. A shock jolted up my leg.

She collapsed to the ground, unmoving. 

Silence. My breath caught. 

Was she dead?

A subtle rise of her chest—*she was still breathing*.

I screamed.

In a blind panic, I lurched to my feet and tripped over myself, desperate to escape before she woke up.

Fear had taken over, and even as I finally made it through the front door and into the night, I couldn't stop screaming.

I stumbled down the street outside the bar, crying out for help and covered in blood.

Insanity, my shadow under the moon, chased me.

Later, police entered the bar.

The skinless woman had already bled out.

---

It's been two months since then, and I'm still recovering. She visits me in my nightmares.

Today, the police contacted me. With dental records, they'd made an identification.

Laura. A librarian.

She died in 1921.
Title: Please believe me.

Ghosts are real. I saw one when I was a little girl. Please believe me. I need someone to finally believe me. Nothing dangerous happened to me yet but I know what I keep on seeing isn’t normal.

For this story, I will be referring to myself as ‘M’. I live in a 2 story house with my mother, father, and brother \[L\] and it was winter break \[19/12/2014 was the exact date\]. I was 8 when this happened. I’m 19 now. My memory isn’t perfect, but I tried to recall what happened to me as accurately as I could.

One winter night I walked downstairs to the kitchen to get a glass of water. The white tiled floor was always clean. Plates and potted plants lined each counter. Me and my brother’s drawings were hanged on the fridge. There was a table in the centre of the room. And in the very corner of the room was a glass backdoor.

I had my phone with me and turned on its flashlight. I carefully stepped downstairs. When I finally arrived, I immediately noticed a white pair of dots from the other side of the backdoor.

Hesitant, I directed my flashlight to the door. That was probably a stupid idea, if it didn’t see me before it did now, but I was 8. I was curious. I had to see it for myself. What did I see- you may be asking?

A dog.

It was staring right at me with its pure white eyes. No pupils. It had grey fur and looked like it was being starved. I froze, confused on what to do. If I looked away, would it change? If I directed my light away from it, would it disappear? Could it break inside? As all these questions flooded my mind- the dog started to smile.

Its teeth were squarish and aligned perfectly, they were surprisingly clean too! But that’s not the point. It’s smile grew wider, wider, and wider. I don’t know how to describe it exactly- but the smile couldn’t fit on its head. It outgrew it. I was horrified- of course. But at the same time, I couldn’t help but feel bad. It looked painful.

I slowly started to step back, keeping my distance. But the minute I started to move, the dog started to raise it’s paw.

Knock, knock, knock.

It kept its eyes on me, waiting to be let in.

I ran.

I ran back upstairs as fast as I could, rushing straight towards my parents’ room. I banged on their door, begging them to come out. Soon enough my mom wakes up. **“M, why are you up so late, did you have a nightmare?”** She asked me. Her tone was soft, but she was clearly tired.

I hugged her, too frantic to describe things clearly enough. **“I saw something! Something in the kitchen! There’s something there!”** I think that’s what I said, it’s what my mom understood.

My mom held my hand and walked downstairs with me. She flicked on the light switch, I gestured to the backdoor and hid behind her. We saw nothing there. **“See dear? Nothing is there. Now go back to bed!”** My mother reassured me. For a moment, I believed her.

I went back to bed and stared up at my ceiling. I saw it, it looked real. I heard it, it sounded real. But it’s not there anymore. It left. Maybe I was just imagining things. That’s what my mom said on the way back upstairs, and I believed it for a short while.

The next day I went back downstairs, back to the backdoor. I didn’t notice it at first, but there was a pawprint on the door. It was faint, translucent, but it was there. I told my mom about it again, but she dismissed me. **“I told you M, it was just your imagination.”** Was what she said to me. But it was there. I had proof it was there.

I asked to go outside, my brother was sent with me.

Like I said earlier, it was winter. I thought I could find its pawprints in the snow. The tall spruce trees were coated in snow, icicles lined up the edge of our roof, and our windows got foggy. I stepped out onto the wooden patio with my older brother behind me. He didn’t say much, we never really spoke to each other a lot.

**“There was a dog here!”** I told him whilst running off into the snow, looking for anything other clues. He didn’t respond. I kept on walking forward, hoping to find something! Yet nothing was ahead. I turned right, nothing there either. I walked closer to the forest behind my house, looking inside the dark woods.

For a moment I thought nothing was there. **“Let’s just go back inside, M. There’s nothing here.”** My brother shouted out to me, I didn’t reply. I saw something in the snow.

It wasn’t that faraway, yet I still ran towards it. A pawprint was there. One single pawprint was engraved in the snow. It pointed towards my house, yet there was nothing behind it. There was no trail. It was just one pawprint left all alone. **“L! Look! There’s a pawprint! A dog** ***was*** **here!”** I yelled back, taking a photo of what I found. Looking deep inside the woods, I stepped closer. Something had to have been there.

My brother ran after me. **“M! What are you doing? You can’t go there!”** He grabbed my arm and started pulling me back.

**“I told you- a dog was here!”**

**“It’s a forest. There’s a bunch of animals in there!”** He yelled at me, bringing me closer to the backdoor.

I tried to pull myself away from him. **“But it wasn’t just a dog! It didn’t have pupils and its smile was-!”**

**“Dogs can smile! Believe it or not. It’s not a big deal.”** My brother interrupted me again. **“I’m not going to get in trouble because** ***you*** **were being dramatic!”** I continued trying to explain things to him, but he didn’t listen.

I told my dad about it later; he didn’t believe me either. I told my friends about it and they thought it was a joke. None believed me. Not my family, not my friends, at times I wonder if I can even believe myself.

Maybe that dog I saw outside was never actually there. Maybe that pawprint in the snow was from some random normal dog, and maybe the rest of its pawprint trail just happened to disappear for perfectly normal reasons. And maybe it was just pure coincidence that pawprint pointed straight towards her house.

But how did that pawprint appear on my door?

Why does it keep on coming back?

When I was 12 years old- I saw it again. I was home alone, walked into the kitchen- and saw it again. At this point I almost moved on. It was *exactly* 6 years since the incident, not once did I see it again. I really did start to believe I just made things up and that nothing was there. But it came back.

I walked pass by the backdoor and look outside. The same skinny grey dog with glowing white pupils is standing in the woods. It stares at me, walks behind a tree, and once again disappears for 5 years straight. And once again, none believed me.

The next time I saw it was when I was 16 years old on the day 19/12/2022. Me and my parents were all sitting in the living room and we were watching a movie before suddenly we hear a knock on the door. Not the front door, back door.

Me and my dad head to the kitchen together, and just like last time, none was there. My dad wanted to look outside but my gut feeling told me not to. **“Let’s go look tomorrow instead! It’s late.”** I didn’t expect my dad to listen to me, he usually listens to himself first, but thankfully he did. He moved towards the living room and I followed him. But right before I left the room- I turned back.

Those eyes were still there, staring right back at me before running away once again. I grabbed my dad’s arm. **“I saw it. I saw who knocked”** I stated.

**“Huh? Really?”**

**“It was the dog- the dog knocked I saw it.”**

My dad just looked at me and stood still for a split second. His expression seemed blank, almost lifeless. That was until he started to smile. **“The dog?! You’re still talking about that dog?!”** He laughed at me. **“Oh come on M! Let it go- it can’t be a dog.”** He walks away, still chuckling.

**“I saw it.”**

**“Yea sure you did.”**

**“We heard it-“**

He interrupted me. **“We’ll check it tomorrow M just like you said! Cmon Ms you’re 20 you’re too old to be making up ghost stories.”** My dad didn’t even bother to turn to look at me. He just left me in that room. It was cold, it was quiet, it was lonely. My dad heard it- and yet he didn’t believe me. Neither did my mom.

Anyways I check it out the next day and it seems the Dog didn’t forget to hide its tracks this time! Character development! There wasn’t a single pawprint this time, and there weren’t any normal footprints too.  

We all heard that knock. We all heard something from the backdoor. Yet not a single footprint was found in the snow. I thought that’d convince my parents that something was wrong- but they just assumed that all 3 of us collectively hallucinated the same noise. Because that’s normal.

I saw it when I was 8, told my family, none believed me.

I saw it when I was 12, told my family, none believed me.

I saw it when I was 16, told my family, none believed me.

They heard it this time and they *still* doubt me. It keeps on coming back and they *still* think I’m crazy. I had proof and they ignored it- something came to our house in the winter, left NO footprints behind, and they don’t care at all.

If it happened once, I would have ignored it. If it happened to me twice then maybe I was just being paranoid! But no, it happened 3 times. 3 times is too many times to be a coincidence.

Something is haunting me- or maybe something is haunting my house. I don’t know! But there’s some dog ghost out there. Or a dog demon. Like I said, I don’t know! How can I? Whenever I do see it- it just looks at me and then runs away! And for some reason only I see it I think! Maybe someone in my family *did* see it and just chose to ignore it- but I don’t know! Whenever I tried talking to them about it they dismiss me. I don’t know why they never believe me.

I hoped maybe my friends at my university would at least have some faith for me- but no. They either awkwardly agreed with me, thought I was joking, or called me stupid. I showed them the pictures too. Some of them thought it was weird but even they brushed it off.

None believes me.

I know a bunch of people here talk about their haunted phenomenon, so I was hoping that if I shared it here someone would finally believe me. I know on their own- none of these events seem haunting. But I know something is out there and I just want someone- literally anyone- to believe me.

I know what I saw was real.
Title: I'm a Live-In Caretaker for an Old Woman in a Mountain Town. I Didn’t Know She Was Holding the World Together.

I didn’t leave.

Maybe it was Mara’s power. Maybe it was something else. Or maybe it was just curiosity that kept pushing me forward.
But I stayed in the house.
Mara was still locked inside her room, and the Guard had vanished upstairs, somewhere on the second floor.

A lot of time passed. Mara didn’t come out, and I just kept waiting.
The Guard didn’t speak to me either. Sometimes he came downstairs, looked at me, then at the door of the white room—like he was checking to make sure it was still locked.

I tried to stay calm. I went grocery shopping. I kept the house in some kind of order. I slept. I ate. 
The days just slipped by. Until that morning.
When I woke up, the door to the strange white room was open. And Mara was gone.
I jumped up from the couch in a panic. But I didn’t have to search for her.

She was sitting by the window in her wheelchair, staring out into the garden, clutching her right hand.

“Mara… thank God, you came out,” I said, my voice almost breaking.

She didn’t answer right away. She just turned her head and looked at me.
Her eyes weren’t the same as the first time I’d seen them. There was something more in them now—more than words could explain.

“Is everything… everything okay?” I asked, my voice shaking.

“Yes, David,” Mara said.

Her voice was clear. Calm. There was no trace of her accent anymore. It sounded light, almost unreal—like it wasn’t the same woman speaking.
That’s when I finally noticed her hand.
Blood was dripping from it, slowly running down her arm and pooling into a dark stain on the seat of her chair.

“Mara—Jesus Christ, what did you do?” I grabbed her bleeding hand.

The first joint of her index finger was gone.
It was a single, clean cut. But the blood was still flowing freely.

“Mara?” I looked into her strange, distant eyes, like her mind was somewhere else entirely. “I need to take you to the hospital. Right now. Do you understand?”

Mara only nodded. As if that was exactly what she’d been about to say herself.

The hospital wasn’t far.

I helped Mara into the car. The Guard just watched as I wheeled her down the driveway and over to the vehicle. Then he closed the front door of the house.
I heard the key turn in the lock. I should have realized it right then—this wasn’t an accident.
This was part of Mara’s plan.

It didn’t take long to understand what she was really doing.

While the doctors treated Mara at the hospital, I was allowed to stay with her as her escort. I watched everything. As soon as we stepped out of the ER, she immediately snapped back into motion.

“David. Stop for a second,” she said, placing her hand on the wheel of her wheelchair. “There’s something I still need to take care of. And you’re going to help me.”

“Oh, come on. Again?” I groaned. “Mara, this is a hospital. We’re going to get into serious trouble if we start pulling the same kind of weird shit again.”

“David,” she said coldly, looking up at me. “Do you really think it matters where we are?”
Then she added, “Take me to Med-Surg. There’s someone I need to find.”

“Mara, this is a really bad idea,” I tried again.

“David. Shut up and do what I tell you,” she snapped, her tone leaving no room for argument.

Like a sulking kid, I let out a long sigh and pushed her in the direction she indicated.
All I could do was hope we wouldn’t end up dealing with the police. Wandering through the massive hospital corridors was deeply uncomfortable. Mara kept telling me where to go, but at every corner I expected a nurse or a doctor to stop us and ask who we were and what the hell we were doing there.
I wheeled her all the way to one of the rooms—and just as I feared, a nurse stepped out the moment we stopped.

“Excuse me?” she said, startled. “Who are you? What are you doing here?”

“I was looking for you, actually,” Mara said immediately. “Is Dan inside?”

The nurse frowned in confusion and looked at Mara. I wanted the floor to swallow me whole.

“Didn’t you hear me?” Mara said impatiently. “Is Dan in there? Let us in.”

The nurse opened the door as if she’d just received a direct order from the attending physician. She stepped inside—and let us in with her.
A man was lying in one of the beds. He looked surprised when he saw us and turned down the TV he’d been watching while eating dinner. He was wearing a hospital gown, and judging by the pile of personal items on his bedside table, he’d been there for a while.

“Uh… hello… nurse?” he asked hesitantly. “Can I help you?”

“Good afternoon, Dan,” Mara said, like they were old acquaintances.

“Good afternoon, ma’am… who are you?” he asked nervously, shifting in bed. “Can I help you with something?”

Mara shoved my hand off the wheelchair handles and, with one decisive push, rolled herself right up next to Dan’s bed. He scooted back instinctively, glancing at the nurse in fear.

The nurse didn’t move. She just stood there beside me, completely expressionless.

“What do you want from me?” Dan’s voice trembled. “Do I know you? How do you know my name?”

“No. I don’t know you, Dan,” Mara said calmly. “But I know what was waiting for you in your friend’s apartment.”

His face drained of color. He looked like he’d just seen a ghost. For a second I thought he might try to jump out of bed and run—but the bandages held him back. All he could do was curl in on himself.

“What do you want?” he whispered. “Do you work for that thing too? Are you here to take me to it?”

“Of course not, sweetheart,” Mara said gently. “But I do need to do something. You can’t be left without protection while I’m gone. I’m sorry… this won’t be pleasant.”

Dan didn’t even have time to react. Mara struck like a snake.
She grabbed his arm and yanked him toward her with impossible strength—like he weighed nothing at all. In one lightning-fast motion, she pulled something from her pocket and clamped her hand over his mouth.

Dan kicked and thrashed, fighting like a trapped animal. But even with her injured hand, the old woman held him with the strength of a bear.
Finally, Dan swallowed hard. Mara released him.

He collapsed back onto the bed, choking and coughing violently. I stood there frozen, panic flooding my chest, staring at the nurse—waiting for her to help him.
She didn’t move. She just stood beside me, like a mannequin.

“What the fuck?!” Dan rasped, clutching his throat. “You crazy old bitch! You’re trying to kill me!”

“Oh, don’t be such a baby, Dan,” Mara said flatly. “I did it for you. You’re safe now.”

“Mara, what the hell—” I stepped closer, shaking. “We need to get out of here. Now.”

“One more thing, David,” she said, cutting me off. “Dan… everything will be fine. For a good while, it won’t be able to hurt you. As for Matt—don’t mourn him. He knew what he was playing with from the start. This is how it ended.”

“Mara, let’s go!” I snapped when I saw Dan coughing and reaching for the call button.

Mara didn’t answer. She just gestured for me to move.
I grabbed the wheelchair handles and practically dragged her out of the room, heading straight for the EXIT sign.

I don’t know how we got out of the hospital.

But when we finally climbed into Mara’s car, I let out a breath I felt like I’d been holding the entire time.

“What the hell was that, Mara?!” I snapped, my voice shaking with anger.

She gave me a dismissive glance. Like I was just a whining child—not the person who had just watched her assault someone in a hospital room.

“Hm?” I pressed when she didn’t answer. “Who was that man, and what did you give him?”

“Oh, David…” she muttered. “Dan needed protection. Something… something very evil is hunting him. I gave him temporary protection. That’s all.”

“What did you give him?” I insisted.

Mara didn’t answer. She just stared out through the windshield, then slowly raised her bandaged hand without saying a word.

“Oh my God…” I whispered, rubbing my eyes in disbelief. “You made him swallow your finger. Jesus Christ…”

“It will protect him,” she said simply. “It had to be done. Now we’re leaving, David.”

“I don’t exactly want to stay here anyway,” I muttered tensely. “Are we going back to the Guard? To the house?”

“No, David,” she said, staring into the distance. “We’re going to another house. But first, I need to make a phone call.”

The drive was long.

Mara was on the phone almost the entire time. I was genuinely surprised when I realized she was talking to a real estate office. Of all the things I expected, calling a realtor wasn’t one of them.
By the time we arrived, I already knew—we were here to see a house for sale.
When I parked in front of a beautiful, newly built two-story family home, I just sat there for a moment, stunned. 
What are we doing now?

There was already a car in the driveway. Two people sat inside—a middle-aged couple, from the looks of them. The man was watching the house intently, barely reacting when we parked nearby.

“Hello. I’m Gordon,” he said as we all stepped out and met near the front walk. “And this is my wife, Lucy.”

“David,” I said, shaking both their hands. “You own the house?”

“Yes…” Gordon sighed deeply. “Well… we would.”

I studied their expressions carefully. They looked exhausted—but hopeful. Like they were hiding something.

“Alright, enough stalling,” Mara cut in. “How much are you asking?”

Gordon hesitated, clearly caught off guard. Lucy smiled awkwardly. That familiar, uncomfortable feeling crept over me again—something was very wrong here.

“Well?” Mara pressed. “Name the price.”

“Uh…” Gordon muttered. “The price listed in the ad. Below market value. Just like it says.”

“Fine,” Mara said instantly. “I’ll write the check.”

The couple looked at me in confusion, as if I were supposed to explain what was happening. I couldn’t. I just watched as Mara pulled out her checkbook and wrote a check for an amount that made my stomach drop.

“But ma’am,” Gordon started. “You haven’t even seen the house. There are… other things you should know—”

“I don’t care,” Mara said sharply. “I want this house. Do you want the money or not?”

Lucy and Gordon exchanged a look. Like all three of them understood something I didn’t.
Finally, Gordon took the check, shook Mara’s hand, and they got back into their car. Not a single word was spoken.
As we watched them drive away, I knew one thing for certain. This, too, was part of Mara’s plan.

Mara acted like she was in a hurry.
She’d been like that before—rushed, scattered, slipping into another language when she got stressed. But this was different. I couldn’t tell if something had happened to her in that room… or if I was sensing the early warning signs of something else entirely.

We stayed in the half-empty house she’d bought from Lucy and Gordon. Mara went straight into the massive kitchen and stayed there. She didn’t acknowledge me at all, just kept checking her small wristwatch over and over again.

I was so exhausted that the moment I sat down on the abandoned couch, I passed out.

I woke up in the middle of the night.

I didn’t jolt awake. I just knew I had to get up. Like sleeping any longer would be a mistake. My phone said it was 1:47 a.m.

What unsettled me most was realizing—through the dim half-light—that Mara was still sitting in the kitchen, staring out through the patio door.

“Mara… Jesus Christ. Why are you still sitting here?” I asked, hurrying over to her.

“Be quiet, David,” she said in that same cold tone. “Just watch.”

I didn’t argue. I followed her gaze—out into the backyard. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I saw it.
A shape standing in the yard.
It was nothing but a black silhouette—just dark enough to be visible.

“Mara… there’s someone in the yard,” I whispered.

“Thank God,” she sighed calmly. “The passage is still there.”

“The passage?” I asked, staring at her. “What are you talking about now?”

She didn’t look at me. She kept watching the figure outside. The silhouette didn’t move. It just stood there, as if it were watching us too. Studying us.

“You’ll understand soon enough, David,” she said quietly. “We’re almost at the end. But for now, go back to sleep. We leave in the morning.”

I didn’t know what to say.
From that moment on, Mara acted as if I wasn’t even there. She kept staring out the window, her expression analytical, heavy with meaning—like she was seeing far more than I ever could.
Like there was something out there beyond the darkness… beyond that strange human outline.
Something I wasn’t just unable to see, but something I would never be able to understand.

Mara woke me at dawn. She wanted to leave, and before I could fully pull myself together, she was already steering me toward the car.

“Where are we going, Mara?” I asked, still half asleep.

“I’ll tell you where to turn,” she said bluntly. “But we need to hurry. It starts tonight. Tomorrow, at dawn, we need to be there.”

I just nodded.
I could feel the tension radiating off her—the weight behind her words made it clear that we were heading toward something I couldn’t even begin to imagine. And that the moment I turned the key and pulled onto the road, I was driving straight toward something that would change my life forever.

I drove all day, almost without stopping. We only pulled over for gas, and once or twice so I could rest my eyes for a few minutes. Mara told me where to go the entire time, like she knew the route by heart. I had no idea where we were headed, but it felt like we were leaving everything behind.

Small towns passed by—tiny places I’d never even heard of.

But we kept going. Farther and farther away from the cities, back into rural land—but not the mountains. Wide open fields, empty stretches of land, and scattered farmhouses lined the road.

“David, turn left here,” Mara said suddenly after a long silence. “There’s a motel and a gas station up ahead. We’ll rest there. We’re making good time.”

I didn’t argue. By evening, I was completely exhausted from driving all day. I could barely stay on my feet, and collapsing onto the motel bed felt like mercy.

“David… before you fall asleep, we need to talk,” Mara said from the doorway, sitting in her wheelchair.

I sat up groggily and rubbed my eyes to show I was listening.

“We’re leaving early tomorrow morning,” she said. “But that’s secondary. We’re going to my sibling. I have to stop them. Dr. Gelon wasn’t honest with me. They loosened the reins on my sibling. And they’re… very different from me.”

“What is all of this, Mara?” I asked, confused.

“You already know this much, David,” she said, locking eyes with me. “I’m not just some hedge witch. I’m not really human at all. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you the whole truth from the beginning, but I had no choice. Things had to unfold this way for everything to fall into place.”

I swallowed hard.
Mara was deadly serious. And by now it was obvious she wasn’t just some benevolent witch from a mountain town. Everything that had happened had proven that.
Still… what was coming that had her this tense?

“Go to sleep, David,” she said at last, her voice unusually gentle. “Tomorrow is a big day. We’re going to save the world.”

I tossed and turned in the bed for a long time, Mara’s words echoing in my head over and over again. I couldn’t let any of it go—but who could have? With every passing minute, more questions pushed their way to the surface.

What was that cube I took from the trailer? Where was Kate’s child now? What happened to that thing pretending to be a little boy? Who was Dr. Gelon really—and what did Mara do in that bright white room? What did Dan need protection from in the hospital? And why did Mara buy a house with a yard that felt… wrong?

Everything churned together inside me, blending into a single, spiraling mess of thoughts, until sleep finally dragged me under. And even then, I think I dreamed about all of it at once.

Then the ground started to shake.

My eyes flew open. I didn’t even bother putting on shoes—I burst out of the motel room barefoot. The parking lot was empty, just like it had been the night before. Only Mara’s car was still there.
Mara sat beside it in her wheelchair, staring off into the distance—toward the edge of the dawn-lit sky, where something enormous was moving. Something almost mountain-shaped.
That’s when helicopters thundered overhead.

They were deafeningly loud, flying so low I could feel the air churn from their rotors. Military helicopters. All of them heading straight toward the darkening “mountain” on the horizon.

Mara looked at me then.

“Zepro is here,” she said quietly.

As I helped Mara into the car, two military jeeps turned into the motel parking lot.
A young soldier jumped out of one of them immediately, fully geared up, and hurried over to us.

“Sir, ma’am,” he said without any preamble. “I need you to leave the area immediately. We’re evacuating the surroundings.”

“All right,” Mara replied calmly. “We’re leaving. And no one is going to stop us.”

I saw the same emptiness in the soldier’s eyes that I’d seen before—in the nurse at the hospital. Like he had suddenly drifted somewhere far away. He nodded once, then hurried back to his vehicle, as if he’d just received a direct order.

That’s when tanks rolled past on the road beside the motel, their engines roaring like something alive. A moment later, a fighter jet screamed overhead, the sound so sharp it felt like it split the air open. Not long after that, dull explosions echoed from somewhere in the distance—close enough that I instinctively clapped my hands over my ears and crouched beside the car in the parking lot.

Mara didn’t flinch.

She was already seated in the passenger seat, looking at me with a gaze that was both stern and strangely reassuring.

The tanks opened fire.

The blasts from their cannons shook the air so violently I felt it rattle inside my chest. They were firing continuously at something out there—something I still couldn’t see clearly. The ground trembled. The car rocked. Even the motel building seemed to jump in place.

Then Mara reached out toward me through the open window. The bandage on her injured hand was no longer stained with blood.

“Come on, David,” she said evenly. “We need to go.”

As those words left her mouth, something washed over me. Maybe it was resolve. Maybe it was faith.
All I knew was this:
As long as I stayed with Mara—and followed her plan—everything would be all right.

The underside of the car sparked as I tore out of the motel parking lot, crashing over curbs and debris.

Tanks were lined up along the road, firing at what looked like a mountain in the distance. But as the sun climbed higher into the sky, it became horrifyingly clear—

It wasn’t a mountain.

A colossal mass of flesh loomed ahead of us. It heaved and swelled like a living hill, growing larger by the second. Massive, hand-shaped tendrils stretched upward toward the sky. Enormous eyes writhed across its surface, opening and closing, watching everything at once.

And the worst part—

It was absorbing everything.

I watched tank shells detonate against it, black clouds of smoke blooming on impact—only for the explosions to be swallowed whole. The fire, the force, the debris… all of it vanished into the thing, as if it consumed energy itself.

“David, watch the road,” Mara said calmly.

“What the fuck is that?!” I screamed, unable to tear my eyes away.

“This,” Mara said, pausing for just a moment, “is Zepro. My sister.” Then her voice hardened.
“Now floor it. We have to get there.”

“Oh, for fuck’s sake…” I muttered, slamming the accelerator to the floor.

The tanks fired almost nonstop. Two fighter jets streaked overhead, unloading missiles into Zepro’s bulk. The creature didn’t react. It just kept rolling forward, a mountain of red, living flesh.

“Here, David!” Mara shouted. “Stop! Stop here!”

We reached a narrow dirt road. I would have missed it if she hadn’t yelled. It led into what looked like an old farm property. Zepro’s massive body was so close now that I couldn’t even see where it ended through the windshield.
But that wasn’t the only thing there.
A flipped car lay smoking on the roadside. Next to it, a man was sprawled on the ground—badly injured.

“Help him,” Mara said, shoving my arm. “Get him into the car.”

I slammed on the brakes and jumped out. The man was bleeding from multiple wounds, but he was conscious.

“Help… please…” he groaned.

“I’ve got you,” I said, grabbing his arm. “I’ll get you to the car.”

I counted to three out loud, then pulled. He screamed and thrashed, and I kept telling him we were almost there. Those few yards felt endless—for both of us. But somehow, I managed to get him into the back seat, where he immediately soaked the upholstery with blood.

“All right. Calm down, Frank,” Mara said, reaching back and gently patting his shoulder. “You’re safe now. Rest. You did well last night.”

“What?” he rasped. “How do you know my name? Who are you people?”

I got back behind the wheel and slowly started down the dirt road.

“No—don’t go that way!” Frank panicked. “Don’t take me back!”

“It’s okay, Frank,” Mara said softly. “We’re not taking you back. I know last night was hard. But you survived. I knew you would. I couldn’t help you then… but I can now.”

“What the fuck?” Frank coughed. “Hey.. driver, what is she talking about? What is all this?”

“I don’t know either,” I muttered. “I don’t think I understand anything anymore.”

Mara smiled.
But when we turned back around, her face went serious again.
Zepro’s grotesque, mountain-like body loomed directly in front of us, pulsing and writhing. Explosions still flashed across its surface, doing nothing. Around its base, shapes moved—humanoid, but unmistakably not human.

“This is where I get out, David,” Mara said simply.

“What?!” I snapped. “You can’t be serious!”

She just smiled and placed a hand on my shoulder.

“Frank, hold on a little longer,” she said, turning back. “David will get you somewhere safe. You’ve done your part. Now it’s my turn.”

“Mara—” I started.

“Shh, David,” she interrupted. “I have to do what only I can do. But your job doesn’t end just because I won’t be here.”

I stared at her. I knew what she was about to do. And still, I hoped—stupidly—that there was another way.
She pressed a heavy ring of keys into my hand.

“These are for my old house,” she said, “and the one we bought from Gordon and Lucy. Listen carefully.”

“I’m listening.”

“You watch over things until I return,” she said, locking eyes with me. “Check the house every night. If the dark figure is in the yard, you don’t interfere—but you cannot stay there. If you see it, you leave. Understand?”

“Yes.”

“If the figure isn’t there, you go back to the Guard. To the white room. From then on, that’s the only place you go. Is that clear?”

“Yes… but what happens now?”

“That’s my responsibility,” Mara said. “I’m leaving. I’m taking Zepro with me. But I will return, David. That’s why I still need you. You have to help me come back.”

She hugged me.
Then she opened the door and stepped out of the car. Without the wheelchair.

I just stared as the elderly, supposedly disabled woman walked away effortlessly—as if she had never been broken at all.

“You see, David,” she said, smiling back at me. “I never needed as much help as you thought. But thank you. For everything. Stay strong.”

And then she walked toward Zepro’s vast, writhing mass of flesh.
I knew that whatever happened next was something no mortal human could ever understand.
I turned the car around. Drove back down the dirt road, past the soldiers. I didn’t stop. I kept going as far as the car would take me.
In the rearview mirror, there was nothing left. No flesh. No mountain.

Mara did what she had to do.

I stood inside Mara’s small house in Mirebrook and didn’t know what to do with myself.
I just existed.

It felt like the days—weeks—I’d spent with her belonged to another life entirely. I packed up the house and kept checking the news, hoping to find something about what happened on that farm.
There was nothing. It was like it had all been erased. Covered up.

I took Frank to the hospital that same day. I told them he’d been in an accident—that I’d found him like that. Which was partly true.
Helping him didn’t make me feel any better. I knew Mara’s plans had forced him through what he’d suffered. That his pain had been necessary.

And I couldn’t change that. Then I had an idea. Maybe I could help others.
People like Frank. And everyone else I met along the way. People who were touched by this—whether they knew it or not.

So here it is.
Everything I know about what happened. The events. The bigger picture.

Maybe it will help someone.

[PART1]( [Mia's story]( ; [Story of the cube]( ; [Robert's story](

[PART2]( [The Runner’s Story]( ; [The Bright Room](

PART 3:
[The Angel]( ; [The Shadow]( ; [The Wedding](
Title: I know the truth behind Santa's workshop. The elves aren't making the toys.

CW: Child labor, bullying

The truth is, I was a bad kid. Not just mischievous, but calculatingly cruel. I chose easy targets whose suffering I could measure. There was a boy in my class, Thomas, short and scrawny, always wearing clothes that looked too big or too small. He came from a family so poor, the school waived his lunch fees, and everyone knew it. I thought he was pathetic. 

I still remember his face on the day of the class Secret Santa. He opened his gift and pulled out a cheap football. He held it like it was solid gold, his eyes shining with pure joy. That football was likely the best gift he would receive that Christmas. 

Later, in the muddy school courtyard, I walked up to him, said some casual, vicious thing about his mother’s thirdhand clothes, and snatched the ball right out of his hands. I booted it in a soaring arc until it landed squarely on the inaccessible section of the gymnasium roof. I watched the joy drain from his face and felt a temporary, hollow satisfaction bloom in my chest. It made the weight of my own mediocre life slightly lighter. 

It was sometime after midnight. I was asleep, dreaming about the next insult I could deploy, when I heard a faint whisper on the other side of my bedroom door. Curiosity pulled me out of bed. I opened the door, and the whisper grew louder, drawing me down the staircase. It sounded feminine, soft, and angelic. I tried to wake up my parents, shaking my dad’s shoulder, but his breathing was deep and unnatural, almost like a coma. 

Something subconscious within me forced me downstairs until I stepped into the living room. The first snow of the season was falling outside, and the white glow of a nearby streetlight made the room feel alien and cold. On the coffee table, the cookies my mom had left out for the fat man in red were gone; only a few crumbs remained on the plate.  

The whispers were coming from the granite hearth, vibrating from deep within the chimney. I stared into the dark opening, and the sound suddenly cut out. A red stocking cap was shoved violently over my head, blinding me. Then a powerful vacuum materialized in the fireplace, dragging me toward the opening. The metal flue was still hot, and the residual heat bit into my bare skin as I was sucked inside. 

I started feeling lighter until I was practically falling upwards, as if gravity had reversed itself entirely. I struggled, my fingernails scraping against the rough, soot-covered walls, and my arms became bruised from being squeezed through a narrow section of the chimney. The heat finally receded and was replaced by freezing air. I landed inside a massive hemp sack, heard a drawstring being pulled tight below me, and then everything went black. 

I woke up to a dozen eyes staring down at me. I was lying on a thin mattress in a crowded room. The light was sickly yellow, and the air smelled of old wood, varnish and mold. 

“Where… where am I?” I gasped, pulling myself up. My clothes were covered in soot, and my arms stung, but the bruises had been replaced by just a few faint red marks. 

A boy, maybe eight years old, with huge, vacant eyes and a perpetually sad expression, shuffled closer to the edge of the top bunk. “You’re in the workshop, same as the rest of us.” 

A girl, with hair the color of tarnished brass continued: “This is where you work off your debt." 

Before I could demand an explanation, a loud, high-pitched bell chimed three times. Every child in the room instantly shoved themselves into their bunks and buried their faces into their threadbare blankets. 

The door flew open. Standing there was not a man, but a short, grotesquely thin creature with olive-green skin, spindly fingers, and a snarling grimace. It looked like the Grinch, had the Grinch been starved for a decade. 

“LINE UP!” The creature shrieked. 

We marched down a dim corridor until it opened into what I would come to know as the Lacquer Hall. It was impossibly vast, stretching farther than any building I had ever seen. Wooden beams loomed overhead; polished stone walls fitted with countless wooden doors and above, a glass roof revealed a moonless night sky. Hundreds of children, none older than twelve, stood in silence at long, grime-coated workbenches, their faces pale and hands dirty. On a raised platform in the center sat a taller figure draped in red, impossibly still, as if carved from wood. It had a long, red, pointed hat and sat with its hands resting neatly in its lap. The children looked down, focusing on their work to avoid its gaze. 

The revolting elf pointed a long, bony finger at me. “No talking. No playing. No taking. Every item must be immaculate. If Inspection finds fault, the debt is not forgiven, but increased. Any disruption, any failure, and you will be taken for correction. Understood?” 

I nodded dumbly. I was shoved toward a bench near the middle of the line. Before me lay an endless parade of raw footballs, the exact model I had kicked onto the roof. My task was to paint the black pattern onto the white fabric. 

A little ways down the line, a small boy working on a chessboard accidentally elbowed a pot of black paint, sending black drops onto the white squares. He whimpered. The bell chimed again, and an elf appeared instantly, grabbing the boy by his arm. 

The child screamed, "I'm sorry! I'll fix it! Please, I'll fix it!" But the elf merely dragged him away toward a big wooden door. 

"What... what happens to him?" I whispered to the boy next to me, who was methodically varnishing a wooden train. 

The boy didn't look up. "They... They come back. But they're different." 

Hours later, the bell chimed again. We were marched back to our rooms and given a thin metal bowl of flavorless porridge and a single, perfectly segmented orange slice. 

I sat on my bunk, scraping the bowl. “How long have you all been here?” 

The boy from earlier, named Peter, answered first. "We don't know the counting. It’s always dark outside; we call it the Longest Night." 

I swallowed. “The truth is… I was a bully. I made fun of people, stole their things… I regret everything I’ve done.” 

Andrew, sitting across from me, looked up and said with a serious tone: “It doesn’t matter now. You devastated another child's joy. We are all here for the same reason.” 

Peter continued with a hollow expression. "I took the alms from the church poor box after the Christmas Mass. I took copper and silver both”. 

"I took the comfort doll belonging to someone in my class and cut it into pieces. She took it everywhere, and I thought she was too old to still be carrying it around. She lost her only friend”. Andrew said, now clearly ashamed of his actions. 

I shook my head. “There must be a way out. Some mistake. Some rule we don’t know.” 

“There isn’t. Not unless you do what he cannot see… something no one has ever done.” 

Cycle after cycle, the bell chimed, the elves shrieked, and we were marched out to the benches to finish the impossible debt. I painted the black pattern onto the footballs with mechanical precision, trying to mimic the perfect obedience of my peers who had already begun to physically pay their debt. 

The boy who had spilled the paint now sat painting tiny chess pieces, his work flawless. But his skin had taken on a faint, green tint; his once-dark hair was patchy and dull, and his eyes were sunken in and lifeless. He didn’t look like a person anymore; he looked like a machine wearing a dead boy’s skin. 

Peter whispered to me: “He is a part of the system now. We turn the joy we stole into the service that keeps the joy circulating for others. That's how we all end up if we stay long enough." 

I glanced up at the raised platform. The overseer on the shelf remained still, its face frozen in a sickly smile. I realized its gaze was not merely punitive. It was tracking our despair, waiting for the moment the last of our joy was extinguished, preparing us for the final transformation. 

In our sleeping cell, the despair was the most palpable around a girl named Mary. She was perhaps the smallest among us, perpetually silent and clung to her bunk. Each cycle, she wept herself to sleep, her hopeless sobs a terrible contrast to the silent acceptance of the older boys. Whatever her sin, her suffering was deeper than the rest of us. 

As the next cycle started, a batch of exquisite, small wooden angel figures, classic Christmas symbols, passed by on the assembly line close to my bench. Suddenly, the bell chimed across the Lacquer Hall. An elf rushed toward a child who had accidentally dropped a toy soldier and broken its fragile arm. Every head, from the long-term-debtors to the freshly corrected boy, looked toward the ensuing commotion. Most importantly, the gaze of the overseer was fixed on the child. In a swift move that felt like screaming without a sound, I grabbed one of the small, beautiful angel figures as it passed by and tucked it deep into my pants pocket. 

That *night*, after the rations of porridge and the single orange slice, the cell fell silent except for the sound of Mary’s quiet weeping. I crept out of my bunk and ripped off a piece of my soot-stained shirt and used it to awkwardly wrap the angel figure. 

I walked over to her bunk. "Mary," I whispered, holding out the present. "For you." 

Her face, tear-streaked and pale, turned toward me. She stared at the small gift and after a moment that stretched into an eternity, she slowly took it from my hands. Her small fingers trembled as she unwrapped it. 

She saw the angel. She didn't examine its quality or size; she looked at it as though it were the only glimmer of light in her endless night. She raised the wooden figure gently, and then she did something that felt louder than any factory bell: she smiled. A small, genuine, expression of wonder and gratitude. 

The moment a selfless gift was given and received in the heart of the Workshop, I had introduced a variable that the system could not categorize or measure. 

An overwhelming wave of cold hit me where I stood. My vision blurred, the sickly yellow light warping into long streaks. My head spun and I felt like falling again, but this time downwards, until I hit the cold ground. I lay in a pile of fresh, powdered snow in my backyard.  

My bruises had healed, but my clothes were mangled and covered in soot and paint. I stood up, ignoring the deep chill that had begun to settle in my bones. I presumed my debt, for now, had been paid. I had been given a second chance, and I wasn't going to waste it. The only thing on my mind was to find Thomas.
Title: Has anyone ever gotten lost in the Narandjirri Mall?

Hi nosleep, I'm Johno. In my younger years I had an experience I can only describe as paranormal and non euclidian? Like a glitch in the matrix that is still messing with me to this day. I've had restless nightmares about it, I can't forget any of the details despite it being so long ago, and I have a deep rooted fear of shopping centers that now effects my daily life.

If anyone here is Australian, and knows of or has been to the Narandjirri shopping centre, have you had a similar experience? How do I make it stop?

This story takes place in December of 2010, I’m 20 as of writing. The Aldis my mum shopped at was at the edge of the food court and directly in front of a small play area for young children. For a local centre, the play area was absolutely fantastic. Spiralling tunnels of every color, rickety rocking bridges you wandered across on the balls of your feet. Vivid plastic games that never had a second player. It went two levels high and a winding slide from its peak could deliver you back down to the open arms of your loving mum. 

Every day I came with mum to Narandjirri, each time I bolted into the playspace. I roamed its plastic corridors and braved the slide. Every day my mother waited for me at its mouth. 

Until Sunday. 

 

I finished my voyage to the slides end, but was not met with my mother’s open arms that day. I was met with nothing. The shutter doors of Aldi had rolled closed, the lights of the butcher were dim, the air was still from the silence. The piercing stare of the Virgin Mary was the only gaze that met mine. I still see how the amber light that now filled the room lit her face. It cast a shadow on her that intensified her stare and darkened the baby Jesus’ face to a point where the wax looked warped and inhuman. 

I was afraid, so I retreated back into the play-area, subverted from calling my mothers name by the waiting faces of the figures in the nativity scene.

I crawled to the back corner, refixing my gaze on the nativity scene through the thin fabric mesh. 

The back wall was not that fabric meshy texture, it was solid bright green plastic. That kind that playgrounds had that seemed to manifest bruises from even the mildest contact. I felt my back press against it as my breathing began accelerating. This was at the time, the most afraid I had been in my entire life. I struggled to pull my gaze from the eyes of Mary. The gradual fading of the amber light only made her pull on my eyes more intense, as the shadows crept below her lip and hair the nativity scene became drenched in pitch darkness, the only light now a dying service light between my fortress and the gate of Aldi.

I felt hot sweat begin to prick at me below my shirt as a slight scratch of my underarm devolved into a panicked fit of clawing at my back and thighs. The moments of direct setting sunlight through the skylights of the food court had made the absence of air conditioning even more intense, and the cool night air did not show itself nearly as swiftly as the sun set or the centre secluded. The mind of a 5 year old, and my memory now is not reliable, but I am assured that no matter how absurd or impossible, in the mere moments I was in the slide, the store had closed and dusk had come.

The sun had fully set now, but it only felt as if a few minutes had passed since I exited the slide, my only light the service light and my only security the plastic walls of the play space. The service light dimly lit the edges of Mary's face. I saw no purity, no motherly love in her gaze.

I scraped my gaze down towards the manger. There was no baby Jesus anymore.

A cool fear ran its icy fingers down my moist spine as I whipped my gaze from Mary to my surroundings. My flurries of breath were now echoing in the reaches of the court. Fear had locked the doorless exit of the fortress, an invisible wall now keeping me from running out into the deserted food court, towards glass gates leading to the starless night. Or was instinct keeping me inside? The events that had transpired were impossible, nightmarish. 

Logic was no longer a factor in my naive mind as I looked towards the lip of the slide to my right. The slide had brought me to this twisted world, the slide would let me out. I began to crawl towards the platforms that took me to the next storey, but I was not met with the slides open maw. Instead, it was almost an identical replication of floor one, except there was no entry. As I crawled, panic made it feel as if the walls tightened around me.

What was once a comfortable standing height for my small figure was now a near crouch squat-run. My new posture made the platform feel longer as the sweat on my knees made me stick to the PVC floors as I crawled to the next set of platforms. I dragged myself up the now tighter squeeze. 

I still, in perfect detail, can recall the airy hopelessness that grew from within me as I perked my head up to see the new third level. A sort of weightlessness that washed over me, I couldn’t feel the beads of sweat coldly ride down my sides, my breathing went still as I sucked in as much air as my little lungs let me. Warm urine saturated my shorts. The hall was impossibly long, and had never existed until now. 

The coldness became a chill once again and my weight returned beckoned by the sound of two sets of slapping on the sweat laced vinyl floors. The slapping got louder as I heard it move towards where the platforms to the second floor were. It came from below. For now, but with each slap it was as if momentum built and it got faster. 

The vinyl burned my skin as friction resisted my scrambling knees. I hurried as fast as I possibly could as the slapping crawled up to the third level. 

Wax on leather.

As I crawl-ran I noticed the outside surroundings of the food court moved with me, the flickering service light occasionally soaking me in a terrifying darkness. That’s when I heard it. Its slaps were now as loud as a yell as they rose to the same level.

I heard the slaps splash in the pool of my urine as wet denim chafed my thighs. Pure unbridled dread made every noise, the slapping, the whir of the emergency light, the rubbery screeches of skin on vinyl it all reverberated through each wall of my skull as I felt the impact of the slaps vibrate in the tips of my toes. 

I threw myself up to the fourth level and felt vomit well to my throat and choke me as every noise subsided. The service light flickered one final time before suffocating me in complete isolated darkness. I could only taste my vomit as I heard my viscera slap against the lower vinyl platforms and drip back down to the third storey. I blindly waved my hands to find a wall to guide myself with as I continued forward. My chin was sticky with vomit, my thighs were chafed, my knees stung with friction burn, my socks were soaked in urine and my vomit. I wept as I continued forward in an awkward half crawl that only seemed to lower as I felt the PVC roof lower and pluck my hairs from the drag. 

I was stunned as I felt cold hard plastic smack against my sticky forehead, and tears began to stream down my face as I sobbed uncontrollably. It was the hard plastic of the slide. I felt the cylindrical opening and despite being in pitch darkness, closed my eyes in the hopes I would wake up from this nightmare. 

As I slid I heard the slapping, as loud and as close as ever as the impact went from wet pvc to humid plastic, the slide stuck to my legs slowing me down as I scooched and bopped myself forward. The arc of the slide was levelling, getting flatter and flatter, but I saw no daylight. I was still in the slide. 

I screamed and it reverberated back into my ears as I felt a white hot pain pierce into my back. I desperately shuffled forward on what was now just a flat tunnel. Screaming and begging for my mother. I felt the back of my shirt get damp as I wriggled and writhed, the slapping deafening and behind me keeping pace with me, until the slapping stopped and I felt my stomach press against my lungs as the slide dropped, the skin of my calves seared as I felt my skin writhe against the hot slide. The force intensified and I began uncontrollably bouncing, my head rebounding left and right as the cylinder tightened around me. I choked on my scream as I realised I could hear another scream beside me. As I continued to plummet the screams became an incoherent symphony of emotions unreadable to a 5 year old boy.

A part of me is still in that slide, that playground. Still screaming and falling. I never remembered leaving the slide. I remember exiting the playground but how is a mystery. 

My eyes never met the nativity scene as I walked away clutching my mothers hand, I never looked back to the play area or my rickety bridge. I held my mothers soft hands and never returned to Narandjirri Shopping Centre.
Title: I'm a deep sea fisherman, I've witnessed weird stuff out there

**Deep Sea**

 

I’m a deep sea fisherman. It’s exactly like it sounds, I go out with a few other men and catch fish in the middle of the ocean. We have 2 boats, 1 smaller for fishing closer to land, and a boat for the deep sea. It’s got everything you could ever need on a boat for long voyages, from a microwave to a medical room where you can do basic surgery.

I’ve been in this field for 6 years now and I love it. I came from a horticulture/agriculture background working on farms to now working on a fishing boat. I always loved working outdoors and in harsh weather and wanted a job that isn’t you’re common 9 to 5 office job so I became a fisherman.

It takes a while to get used to the job, most jobs you get to go home each night with the kids and wife. This job though, you’re out at sea for weeks to months. Very long hours and brutal work that requires a lot of physical and mental strength, but it has become one of the most rewarding and interesting jobs I’ve ever done.

This particular time I was going on a voyage from east Melbourne Australia, down to the bottom of new zealand out to the southern pacific down towards the Antarctic circle before voyaging back to Melbourne to unload at the harbour. Total trip was estimated to take around 6 to 8 months.

Once I and the crew of 7 other men were ready, we each boarded the ship. Russel was the captain of the ship. He had been on the water for a long time, he was you’re classic sailor. Big white beard, cigar in mouth and beanie on his bald head.

We started on top deck as we embarked from the marina. I had pre checked that we had everything, and we did. “Weather’s good”, “lets set out now” Russel said over the intercom.

The first day was just getting out there, monitoring weather and getting the nets ready and other basic tasks. The real fun of the job starts when you get further out. Or at least that’s what I assumed.

We made it offshore of new Zealand about 460km. The first few days we had some good catches and nothing unusual. It was when we about 1450km away from nearest land, in the middle of the ocean. We were very isolated and the water out here was deep and freezing cold.

The first week was tough, we were battling a storm with big waves and bad currents. I was out on deck when a big wave crashed, water everywhere, drenched and cold but dry from our PVC overalls.

“duck” Russel announced over the radio, ‘whoosh’ the big wave went as a it crashed on the floor overhead as we sheltered in the hull. We were on our last net before the end of the day, it was already cold and we were tired ready for dinner and a shower. It was just me and Randell on the deck as the others were putting the fish in the lower deck and tying up the ropes on the crane.

“Ya ready” Russel said over the radio, We gave a thumbs up and he hoisted the crane pulling in the cray pot to the deck, we opened the gate and crabs went into the tub before putting them in the ice tank below deck. After, I went around to make sure the pots were secure as we finished up for the day.

By this time it was still rough. A week went by, everything was normal. Get up, eat, work for 12 hours and breaks in between then another 4 hours, break and another load of time, load up and go down for dinner, shower and go to bed. This was mostly the routine for life on the water. Making jokes in between and trying to work hard and enjoy it while we can.

The work was hard and long. Weather was unpredictable, timezones were weird. The sun only shined for a few hours a day and most of the time it was dark, cold and rough. The only thing you could see was the endless ocean and the bright lights of the ship. It felt like us were the only one on earth, far from civilization.

It happened when we were 300km off the arctic circle, after another hard day, we were all very tired and ready for a meal. The weather was clear skies as we watched the sun go down, the water was finally calm as we had been battling storms for a few weeks. I ate my food, as we talked around the table, it felt like now I could breath and actually talk to the others.

After a chat and eat I went to the shower to clean off before getting to bed. The others went to bed early before the next day. Once I got out of the shower, I changed into clean clothes and decided to go to the bridge where Russel drove the boat, you know, just to see what may be out there in the dark abyss of the seemingly endless ocean.

I got up there. It was quiet and peaceful, which was rare. The faint glow of the lights on the control panels and the slow rocking of the boat. A rare chance of tranquility and peace away from the world.

I was probably asleep for a good 2 hours, I woke startled a bit, and a little bit disorientated from sleeping, I was still in the captains chair and everything was still silent. Very faitly out of my vision I could see dim light moving from far away, and without thinking much of it I kept a lookout.

Suddenly a large flash in the sky, bright as day and only for a split second, it made me jump and gave me goosebumps when for a second I could see a large round super dark object just “there“ floating, I quickly went to grab the search light and go outside to see what it was. Once out there, the sound of the water against the hull and a weird low humming sound emitted from the distance, I was scared. I looked behind me and nothing but the light from the flashing red beacon on the roof where the captain tower was.

I got up onto the hull ladder near where the crane was and turned the light on, the beam pierced through the air and I saw nothing but the endless ocean. I got chills. I went to walk back when a humming got louder but it wasn’t the engine. I was shaking a bit. Nothing but the black abyss of the ocean and the light of the beacons in the middle of the ocean deep in the night.

I was tired and figured I was just hearing things from the lack of sleep. I went down to the quarters where we sleep and got into bed, it was way past bedtime being 1:15am showing on the clock, and we were meant to wake up at 7:00am.

I had a weird dream, there was this virus that spread around called “laughing down pass” where at a random time someone would have uncontrollable laughter and then end up jumping out the boat out to sea, and it didn’t end there. They would end up into a room where figures with black gowns would surround them and they would get “surgery” before falling out the sky, on a boat and then being fine with full memory of what happened.

“knock, knock” I heard on my door. I woke up rubbing my eyes stumbling through the dark. I opened up and it was Russel, “hey buddy how are ya’ll doing?” he said “Yea, not bad mate” I replied. “have you seen it yet?” Russel asked, “No, what do you mean” I asked back, “we found a strange black sticky liquid out deck” Russel said, “I did see some weird stuff last night, I saw a flash and heard some weird noises late last night” I said.

“look, what ever you do, be carful outa here, it’s dangerous and there’s lots of weird stuff that happens out here”, “never go out after midnight” Russel said, “why though” I asked back, “look, I’ve been out here for a long time as you know, I’ve seen some weird stuff at night and the ocean gets scary, if you don’t watch you’re back, you go places you don’t want to go” Russel said.

“okay” I replied. I walked out to the kitchen/eating area and got some food and talked with the other guys for a while. Once I mentioned the stuff I saw last night thing’s only got weirder.

Over the days, I’d see stuff out at sea in the corner of my eye, dark figures, mutant animals and weird flashing lights from the sky.

The following night after dinner, we went to bed early and had finished the fishing for the trip. It had been long and exhausting. Everyone was tired and homesick, missing kids and family. I’d been awake for 18 hours.

I had my shower as usual and had a cup of tea after. I went to bed because I was very tired. I fell asleep very quick and the boat was quiet. I woke up in a dark room, pitch black and silent with a tiny red glow in the distance, what felt like forever I became fixated on this tiny light, I felt lost yet a sense of peace that I had never felt before.

Round, small and far away. Sat still. Suddenly covered the entire room in a flick, everything was this deep bright pure red colour. I felt every emotion in a matter of 10 seconds and it ended with the feeling of waiting for something to happen.

I suddenly felt a cold, like really cold wind and could hear it was loud. Then out of nowhere I saw specs like stars before falling into water. Cold, dark and quiet. Again but I feel like I was sinking fast, then I could see huge animals. Fish were huge and had lights on a stem sticking out of it’s head and giant squid. The body the size of a small building and tentacles thick as anything and long.     

I blacked out as I felt like I was in a dark room again and the water not there. I woke up, sweaty and hot. I turned the light on in the room and looked around for a while. It was a dream. A dream that felt like years, and felt as real as, real life.

I got out and went out to the deck. Then I checked my watch, 12:32am. Something about the time seemed funny. I started to laugh, and more. “hahaha” I laughed, and louder. I felt amazing.

Then I saw my kids in the water as the fait moon light lit the surface of the ocean, I laughed and they did as well, I then went to the edge of the boat and jumped off. Just as I did I heard a yell “STOP”. Then everything went cold and dark.

I woke up which felt like hours later and I was in the medical room of the ship. Then I realized why.
Title: I'm a cult leader, and I can't leave

“In the name of the nameless, I banish thee from this world.” Uttering the mantra for what felt like the millionth time, I plunged the marrow dagger deep into the writhing man’s heart. It was quick, and, I secretly hoped, as painless as possible. My expression, however, remained as stoic as I could make it. A thick black hood covered most of my face, and it would have been difficult to read my face anyway, but I couldn’t take any chances. I watched silently as the man’s form stopped moving entirely, the dagger sticking out of his chest with a small pool of red forming around it. After a few moments of silence, I raised my hands slowly above the corpse, vaguely gesturing toward the crowd.

 

“You are dismissed from the assembly. Go in peace in the name of the nameless.” I held my hands out, palms facing up to the sky, symbolically ending the ritual. Slowly but surely, the 20 or so figures, all dressed in matching ceremonial robes, tapered off. Some started up the winding stone path deeper into the forest, some turned down to the lush coast, a few stayed to engage in conversation far enough away that I couldn’t make out what was said. 

 

I simply turned and started for the cave. The island has many of them, but only one where I knew I wouldn’t be disturbed. Especially when talking to *him*.

 

And shortly after the ritual, *he* decided to pay me a visit, as if the constant guilt and shame wasn’t enough torture. 

 

I wish I could tell you what he looks like, if you could even call it a he. It looks…human, or at least the shape does. He doesn’t have any features; just a vaguely humanoid blackness. No, that doesn’t do it justice. That makes him sound like a shadow, or a fragment of space. No, he is the *absence* of being, the absence of color and identity and light. His mere presence is a defiance of life, a mockery. The air around his form is folded, like a nightmarish perversion of our Euclidean reality.

 

Sitting cross legged against the hard, damp floor of a cave well enough isolated from anyone else, I heard him approach before he spoke. It sounded grotesque, like the sound of scissors cutting through paper, only way more visceral. Like the very air was tearing itself open to make room for him. 

Swallowing my nerves, I turned to face him.

 

“What is it?” I’m not sure if I was trying to be intimidating or just nonchalant, but either way I remained breathing. With him, that was as good a sign as any.

 

“Thou hast been stalling.” His voice, deep and layered, pierced uncomfortably into my skull. It wasn’t an accusation, just a matter-of-fact statement. He didn’t need to accuse. “Why have thine sacrifices dwindled of late?”

 

*He knows. Of course he knows.* I didn’t say anything for a few agonizing seconds, just stood there. I probably looked as foolish and exposed as I felt. In the absence of my response, he took a step closer and continued.

 

“Doth thou need a reminder of our deal?” As he said this, I felt bile burn my throat. “Thy wife and child’s return from death, in exchange for 517 souls given unto me - killed, by thine own hand.”

 

“Right,” I mustered. "Of course.” I don’t know if I convinced him or not; he just stared into my eyes for several uncomfortable moments. “But…why 517 specifically? Why not just make me kill 2 people? One for each life returned?” As I spoke the words, I couldn’t quench the guilt that enveloped me. I would have much preferred no death at all, but the guilt was also accompanied by a sense of purpose. I was doing this for my family. For the promise of it, at least.

 

He chuckled. It sounded like sandpaper being rubbed across a nail filer.

 

“More souls are needed to power the Wheel.”

 

I tried not to let confusion show on my face, but likely did a bad job at it. “A…wheel?”

 

“Hmmmm……” 

 

Its pensive noise stretched into a slow, hearty chuckle. It looked me over again before it spoke:

 

“Knew I when we met, there is something within thee. Thy hands and thy soul both drip red.” He ignored my question completely. I’m not sure if that’s what caused my fear level to spike dramatically.

 

“Thy wit and skill hath served thee well. Long have I roamed this plane beyond, searching for one such as thee, one who hath carved the land itself with the blood of the damn’d.” He took a short pause, as though needing to remind himself to breathe. “And a part of thee enjoys it,” he said. “Thou hath never before felt so alive.”

 

I stared down at the cavern floor. Light from the entrance lazily danced along the rock, somewhat soothing in spite of what was happening. It didn’t, however, make the words come any easier.

 

“I don’t…ah…well I mean I–”

 

He interrupted with an almost haughty chuckle. If he were human, it might have even sounded condescending. As quiet as it was, the acoustics of the cave drilled the sound into my head, mocking me.

 

“Continue thy work. The Wheel shall spin, and thou shalt witness thy folly.”

 

Before I could blink, he…I’m not sure how to describe it…*folded* into himself, his form retreating within itself like a whirlpool, and he was gone. The space around where his form had stood seemed to ripple for a few moments before settling into nothing.

 

I’m not sure why I’m even writing this. Frankly, I don’t think there’s much to be done, for myself or for the other poor souls here on the island. If there were any other way, I’d jump at it in a heartbeat, but this is who I have to be. I’ve been slow, trying to buy as much time as I can, trying to postpone killing as much as possible. Trying to convince myself that I’m somehow still a good person, really.

 

I don’t have a choice. I’m indebted to *him*. And when I’ve done what he asked, when I’ve given him all the souls he requires…I can only hope that his plans no longer involve me or my family.
Title: Fossils

When I was seven years old I thought I was going to become an archeologist. The idea of digging up dinosaur bones was my number one priority. My family had just moved to a large plot of land that had once been a thriving dairy farm but had fallen into a state of disrepair. During the summer of 2010 my parents were preoccupied with renovating the farmhouse, demolishing and rebuilding old fences, and much more boring adult stuff, so most days to stay out of their hair and not have to listen to them argue, I would wander over the hill behind our house to a patch of rocks that lay at the base on its other side. I would dig around for hours believing that if I just turned over one or two more rocks I’d find a T-Rex skull. 

Most days I’d just dig around finding bugs and spiders, cataloguing them in my bright orange notebook. Sometimes there would be animal tracks on the patches of bare dirt, I’d try to make casts of them using cement mix I stole from my dads shed, though it was to little avail. I did make a pretty neat cast of a kangaroo's foot I still have to this day. Once there was a pair of boot prints too big to be mine and too small to be my dads that just kind of walked in a circle around my quarry, I figured maybe one of the neighbouring farmers or their kids were also looking for dinosaur bones, so I left a note on the pile of fence posts nearby letting them know this was my dig site but they were welcome to come and play nerf guns some time. 

On one occasion I stumbled upon what I now know was just a huge centipede but at the time was convinced it had to be some ancient species of insect that had been hiding under this rock for a millennia just waiting to be found.

As a child a moment like this can make you feel as though the universe has tailored an experience just for you, as if someone has read your mind and planted the thing you want to see right before your eyes, as you grow older and learn more about the world you realise that the universe doesn’t have some grand plan to help you rediscover an ancient species of invertebrate, every living thing is its own autonomous being, it can choose what rock it want to lay under, it can choose where to lay its eggs, and, if you are an obnoxious enough snot nose little kid who decides to poke it, it can choose to bite you. 

I still remember the sting, well, sting may not be the right word. The pain hits you like a lightning bolt, enough to send a grown man to the ground. My ankle was throbbing so bad I was genuinely convinced I was going to lose my foot. I was ass up in a patch of rocks with god knows how many more of those little bastards around me, what do I do? 

In Australia, at least regional areas, schools teach you how to react in cases of being bitten by snakes and spiders, how to identify what bit you, who to call, and when to worry. That monstrosity was in my eyes a hybrid, a snakes body with a spiders legs, therefore, in my little kid mind, it must be as venomous as both a snake AND a spider and would surely kill me, I just hoped I would be lucky enough to die before I felt my throbbing bright red foot fall off. 

After what felt like an eternity, but was probably more akin to about a minute or so, of making peace with the universe, the pain began to subside, though only slightly. This was enough of a motivator for me to hobble to my feet. Using my shovel as a crutch I left my notebook and bucket of “fossils” at the far edge of the rock patch as I painstakingly made my way up and over the hill crying for my mum the whole way. 

My parents rushed me into town to the hospital, I told the nurse I had been bitten by a dinosaur-insect-spider-thing, she looked confused yet calm, and started manhandling my foot, squeezing the wound which forced out a large mucous like stream of venom, puss and blood. I still remember the queasy look on my fathers face as he excused himself from the room. When the nurse calmly asked me to describe the dinosaur I didn’t know how to.

“It was this long brown and red snake thing. It had so many legs and it hurts so much I think my foot’s gonna fall off” I sobbed, the nurse smiled and thought for a moment, then suddenly lit up as the realisation of what I was describing hit her. She opened a tab on her computer and showed me a picture of a centipede.

“Was that what bit you, love?” 

I nodded excitedly, this woman had also seen the dinosaur? And then it dawned on me that I in fact had not uncovered an ancient genus of insect, and poking and subsequently being bitten by that gross little critter was for nothing.

After tending to my wound, and talking about insects and dinosaurs the nurse printed out a script for some antibiotics and also the wikipedia article on centipedes so I could learn more about them. 

It was over a week before I could muster the courage to walk over that hill again, but eventually I knew I had to, my notebook with all my “research” was over there and it was going to rain overnight. In my mind that notebook was just about the most important thing to me, it mapped out the whole rock patch, said where I found what, I needed to add the centipede lair and all the facts I’d learned about them to my manuscript. 

I approached cautiously, observing the crevice beneath every rock, weaving my way between them all, I was ready to stomp the living daylight out of the first creepy crawly I encountered. A small huntsman scurried between two rocks which caused me to lose patience and run for the notebook. Grasping it in my hands I shook the sandy looking dirt from its almost fluorescent orange cover, and climbed on top of the pile of fence posts where I had left my note for the other archeologist. The note was now gone but I paid little mind to that fact, as long as all the fossils in my bucket were accounted for there would be no hard feelings. 

Catching my breath, I flipped through my book, looking for the next blank page. When I found something peculiar, there were notes at the bottom of my last page, most of them scrawled in what I thought was cursive, in some cases looking more like symbols or pictures than words. But one stood out at the bottom, written in neat, but clearly hastily written words: 

“When will you come and play again? I hope we didn’t scare you”

It was in this instant I became convinced the insects were speaking to me. I had to run back to the house and lock the doors. I didn’t want to be an archeologist any more. It was time to hang up the whip and satchel. A bite is one thing but them writing to me? Not happening. 

I jumped off the pile of fence posts and went to grab my bucket, as I picked it up I realised it felt way to light, I peered down to see all my dead bugs, cow bones and funny shaped rocks were missing, replaced with nothing but a small bright white, fresh, bone, the first I had seen that definitely wasn’t that of a farm animal. I dropped the bucket and ran. 

I sprinted for the top of the hill, clutching my notebook, and took one last look at my life's work, all the rocks I had turned, holes I had dug, and that damn set of foot prints again, whoever was leaving them could take my fossils and keep those talking insects while he was at it. I was going to find a new calling, I was about to be eight years old for crying out loud, dinosaurs were for babies anyways. Maybe I’d try my hand at being an astronaut, after all there are no talking bugs in outer space.
Title: The Disappearance of Apartment Building 426

I remembered the night it happened so clearly; I had been living downtown. 

I was sleeping, but at exactly three in the morning, I was woken up by a deafeningly loud sound, almost like a horn blaring into my ears and the most violent earthquake I've ever felt. As if the ground itself were falling apart. 

Just as it had come the noise and rumbling ceased.

 I looked out my window and couldn't see anything. A dense fog had come in. So thick it looked as if someone had glued a bunch of pillow stuffing to the outside of my window.

I could hear people talking down in the streets and went to check out what was going on, thinking a massive earthquake had just hit us.

Multiple people were gathered across the street, talking to each other, their voices were riddled with confusion. Some were frantic talking about how one of the buildings had vanished. 

I saw where apartment 426 used to be. There was just an empty lot now as if nothing had ever been there 

In the middle of the night, across the street from me. A seven-story apartment complex had completely vanished, along with everyone in it.

The police searched for months.

 The story was all over the news. 

The missing posters of the two hundred tenants of apartment 426 littered the streets. Cops were everywhere desperately searching for all those people.

But life moves on, there never came any leads to the case. The police got others to investigate and people moved on.

Now all that remains from that night are the memories of all those who went missing.

It wouldn't be until years later that I got any real clue as to what happened.

I was over at my father's house drinking with him and one of his buddies. The guy used to be a cop and the topic of disappearances came up. 

I asked him if they ever found apartment 426 or any of the tenants. His face twisted into a grim expression and he leaned forward before speaking in a hushed tone.

“Look, I'm really not supposed to talk about it, but it's been years, and I trust neither of you will say shit to anyone. 

We found the building. 

It was a couple of months after the whole thing went down. One of the cops was at the lot where the building used to be when his radio picked up a stray signal. 

He said it was hundreds of people screaming all at once. Like the sounds of hell were coming through his radio. 

We all assumed the signal was coming from inside the building and that it proved our theory that it had somehow sunk into the ground. 

So we brought in a ground-penetrating radar. Lo and behold, there it is, two hundred feet beneath the surface. Funny thing is, we had already done scans when it first happened, and it hadn't been there. So why was it there now? 

Anyways, they drilled into it from a nearby metro station.

 It took them months. 

They weren't really hoping to find anyone alive. I mean they knew how slim the chances were. If those people hadn't run out of food, they would've run out of air. 

I guess they just wanted to know what happened. 

The thing is, when they finally got in, it was completely empty. Not a fucking soul. 

This place was completely sealed, no exits.

Trust me, they looked. 

It's as if everyone that was in the building just up and vanished without a trace. 

Well, that's not entirely true. Because they did find one of them, a couple of months later. 

They were excavating an old stone foundation in the old port, when they hit something soft. 

Guy gets out, and there's just blood everywhere. The excavation shovel had cracked open one of the huge boulders and there was a guy fused in there.

It gets weirder cause this guy's skin was fucking translucent. 

Like they could see everything inside him and shit.

His blood was still warm as if he'd just been alive. 

They're obviously freaking the fuck out and call the police and they aren't really taking it all that seriously when they get there. I mean, I can't even blame them. I wouldn't have believed it myself if I hadn't seen it. 

They're just about laughing in this guy's face until they see the guy in the rock. 

I was friends with those guys and they told me they'd never been that scared.

The dude looked like a human-shaped sausage, you know, like a clear casing, and you could see all his insides. 

Parts of him were completely fused with the rock, like there was no separation between where the skin started and where the rock ended.

I kinda laughed at them at that point, cause I thought they were pulling my leg but they looked so seriously at me that I stopped. 

I mean, I'd never seen those guys like that; they were genuinely horrified.

So they brought the body to the coroner and he looked just as baffled. Said he'd never seen something like it in his twenty years of working there. 

So what killed this guy? 

Well, as it turns out, it was blunt force trauma from the excavation shovel. 

I mean how the fuck does that even make sense? The guy was encased in stone. How the fuck was he still alive? 

They ran his blood and identified him as one of the missing people. We called his family to come and identify his body. 

By the time they got there, he'd just up and disappeared again. Poof, just like that gone into thin air.

We couldn't explain it; there were cameras all over that place, and they caught nothing. 

We never found him again. 

You know? 

We never found any of the others either. 

I quit after that. 

Couldn't really stomach it anymore.”

We sat in silence for a while just thinking about what he said.

I'd never heard this guy lie in my life. But what he'd just told us was completely nuts and somehow I'd believed him. I mean I was there that night. I saw that the building had vanished.

I guess hearing it from his mouth with all the additional information. It all just made it too real for me.

After a while he looked up at us, plastered on a smile that didn't reflect in his eyes and changed the subject to a completely different topic. 

I could stop thinking about what he told us so I left shortly after. 

I'm back home now, and it's foggy as hell outside. I got back at just the right time. Now I'm writing this out for you guys. Because I can't get it off my mind. People have to know what happened to them. 

They had families. 

Had lives.

I can't just let them fade away into nothing.

So I'll try to uncover more for you guys. For their families. I promise to update you guys soon.
Title: I live alone in the wilderness. Last night, something knocked softly at my bedroom door.

I jolted upright.

Stale air escaped my lungs in quick, shuddering bursts. Adrenaline surged through my newly awakened veins, pulsing its manic rhythm into the back of my eyes - the familiar war drums of an approaching panic attack.

Across the room, the door sat quietly in the darkness.

*There was no knock. It was just a dream.*

*Calm down.*

*You need to calm down.*

My ears perked, searching for noise.

Ancient floorboards groaned as they teetered over their termite-stricken support beams.

Wind howled through the valley, causing some loose rain gutters to clink rusty metal against the rafters.

A gag bubbled across the back of my tongue, imagining the filthy, contaminated air pawing at the sides of my house, painting the stone veneer pitch-black with its disease, its pesticides, its toxic emissions and its cancerous oxides.

But that was it.

*See? No more knocks, because no one’s here, because no one can be here. Also, why would anyone even bother breaking in? For your vast riches? For you? Give me a break.*

Still, my buzzing nerves refused to settle.

I swung my jittery, sweat-caked legs over the edge of the mattress, sighed, and raised both hands in front of my chest.

*Three quick taps to the right collarbone. Three long taps to the left collarbone. A final three quick ones on the right. Inhale, exhale.*

**Tap-tap-tap. Tap...tap...tap. Tap-tap-tap. Breathe in, breathe out.**

It was the last vestige of therapy I’d managed to hold on to.

**Tap-tap-tap. Tap...tap...tap. Tap-tap-tap. Breathe in, breathe out.**

Always soothing, always centering. With every repetition, my mind cooled. The pattern never failed to bring me home.

Then, gently, almost lovingly:

**Knock-knock-knock.**

I stared at the door.

**Knock...knock...knock.**

Suffocation seared deep gashes into the base of my throat.

**Knock-knock-knock.**

The latch bolt clicked, and it creaked open.

Not fully.

Only an inch.

I froze. My wild heart thumped, marching along the underside of my sternum, battering its cartilage, threatening to spring from the confines of my rib cage like the jester of a blood-drenched jack-in-the-box.

*The nearest house is ten miles away.*

*None of the alarms went off.*

*Who the fuck is standing out there?*

A series of dull, sluggish thuds emanated from the hallway, quieter and quieter as the seconds crawled on. Not exactly footfalls. The noise was muddy. It lacked discreteness: no separation of one foot from the next. The thuds were more like an overfilled burlap sack being heaved across the floor, items audibly shifting within the coarse fabric with each pull.

My bulging eyes remained fixed on the moon-touched darkness spilling in from the cracked doorway.

I shifted forward. The wood was cold on the balls of my heels, biting at the exposed skin. I stood. A long, shuddering moan exploded from the plank bowing beneath my weight.

My entire body tensed. Psychic pain ran dizzying laps along the length of my spine, up and down, up and down.

*God...they must have heard that.* 

I listened.

I waited.

Silence.

A razor-sharp vacuum of sound.

Then, from a further distance: the knocks. Same pattern. *My* pattern: tainted, defiled, bastardized.

The thuds resumed.

I bent over, drew an aluminum baseball bat from under my bed, and crept towards the door. Pearly moonlight trickled across the room, filtering through the pines outside my second-story bedroom window, manifesting a dancing panorama of ghostly shapes as the branches wavered in the wind.

I *could* have escaped, right then and there.

I *could* have opened the window, climbed down the tree, and sprinted through the forest in the direction of the nearest highway.

Hell, I *could* have just jumped. The ground wasn’t that far. Good odds I would’ve limped away with a few bumps and bruises, nothing more.

It wasn’t an option.

*I’d rather die than leave this house.*

I flattened myself against the wall and peeked my eyes over the doorframe.

A large, amorphous shadow lingered motionless at the end of the hall. They were wide enough to fill the hallway, but short, barely tall enough to rise above the railing. Jagged edges protruded all along their silhouette: from their thick torso, from their broad shoulders, from their slender, box-shaped head - everywhere. A malformed clump of black fangs on an ominous patrol.

I squinted. Cocked my head side to side.

*What in God’s name are they wearing?*

Halfway between us, a narrow beam of moonlight descended, illuminating a column of dust in its angelic glow. My gaze drifted upwards. I threw my hand over my mouth and wrenched my head from the doorway. A wail churned in my throat. I fought desperately to keep the noise contained.

There was a small, circular hole in my roof.

The perimeter was compromised.

My hand fell from my lips. I grasped my chest, practically clawing at its bones. My lungs became a bonfire.

*I’m already breathing it in. I can feel it sinking into me, chewing on my scars. I’ll be wheezing soon. Then the gnawing breathlessness, and then...*

A phantom sensation took hold of me.

It was the feeling of a tube sliding down my throat, icy plastic compressing my airway, overriding my will, forcing gulps of filthy atmosphere inside of me before promptly sucking it all out, every single scrap of oxygen until my lungs deflated like a balloon.

My fingers, on autopilot, guided solely by muscle memory, rose to tap my collarbone.

They only collided once:

**Knock.**

The sound was impossibly resonant.

I snapped.

I scrambled over to my nightstand, bare feet slamming into the wood. The bat fell from my sweaty hands. The hollow metal collided with my bedframe, and a high-pitched, melodic clamor tore through the room. Coughing, I ripped the drawer off its hinges and sent it crashing to the floor. Pens and hard candies and loose change scattered around me as I dug through its contents, stopping only when I found what I was searching for: a facemask and a roll of heavy-duty tape.

I threw the mask on and stomped into the hallway, my mind a hazy, screaming blur. The ceiling was thankfully low. I lifted myself onto the treacherously slim railing that overlooked my foyer, reborn as a living paradox - driven utterly fearless under the influence of mind-shattering fear.

My trembling hand reached towards the hole in the ceiling. Steam gathered around its perfectly circular, concrete margins, but the air wasn’t hot against my fingertips; it was painfully cold, downright glacial. I slammed a torn edge of tape into the stone.

It was mushy. Gelatinous. A chunk of concrete was displaced upwards by my meager touch.

Disbelief roared through my body.

The piece of tape didn’t stick. Instead, it fluttered down, swaying delicately, a falling leaf in a bitter November wind. My other hand stretched to catch it.

I slipped.

I could see up through the hole as I fell.

There was an unnaturally bright, yellow-tinged star in the night sky: a shimmering speck of amber bejeweling the firmament.

The back of my head smashed into something hard.

A blip of pain,

then everything turned black.

\- - - - -

I had the strangest dream.

It’s 2021.

I’m back in New York City, entombed in a sleek, minimalist apartment high above the city streets. I’ve been out of the hospital and off the ventilator for a few months, maybe half a year. I’m staring outside, petrified by the disorder, the raw chaos of it all. My dread calcifies into swathes of tiny, pus-stained crystals, clogging the arteries that feed my heart, causing the vessels to swell painfully in my chest.

I start tapping on my collarbones.

Craig sneaks up behind me.

He startles my frayed nervous system.

I jump, twisting around to face him. My ex-husband is rolling an overstuffed suitcase behind him. Dirt-stained socks and books dog-eared with hundred-dollar bills are leaking from small slits in the front zipper. I’m not sure why I didn’t hear him approach. The wheels of the suitcase rattling against the tile are borderline deafening.

Once again, he chastises me. Says something like:

“If you’re dead-set on living the rest of your life as a fuckin’ germaphobe, the least you could do is keep the apartment clean.”

I correct him, coldly, clinically - the way I wanted to correct him when it really happened.

“I’m not really germaphobic. Broadly speaking, I’m agorophobic. If you want to be more precise, I guess you could label me ‘aerophobic’, though that usually refers more to a fear of flying in a plane, rather than a fear of the air itself...”

He waves a dismissive hand in my general direction and turns to walk away.

Craig doesn’t get very far.

After a few steps, his body melts.

The man completely liquifies into a puddle of molten skin and soggy clothes. No skeleton is left behind. The handle of the suitcase flops onto the human reservoir with a wet smack.

I’m upset, I think. Something close to upset. At the very least, I feel decidedly alone.

But not for long.

The puddle quivers. Convulses like there’s an earthquake in the distance.

The steaming fluid springs to life.

It snaps up, congeals to everything around it, and begins to animate...

\- - - - -

I jolted upright.

My back muscles lamented the sharp movement, crying out in agony. I winced. My skull throbbed something vicious. Hot, labored breaths pushed against the inside of the facemask.

The coffee table broke my fall.

The house was dark. Every room was quiet.

No thudding,

no tapping,

and no knocking.

I hoisted myself off the fractured glass top and stood. Nagging shards dug playfully into my heels. The pain barely registered.

*Was anyone ever really here?*

I pivot my aching neck. Judging by the bleary green dot aside the front door, the alarm system was still primed. All five deadbolts remained tightly latched, silver chains curling between the door and its frame, twinkling in the moonlight.

*Moonlight...*

I swung forward, eyes wide, knees weak, nearly toppling face-first into the shattered remains of my coffee table before catching myself.

And there it was.

A single, quiet beam of moonlight streaming through the enigmatic hole in my ceiling, skewering my perfect bastion like a spear through the gut. My eyes traced its descent. The same beam glittered silently in my first-floor restroom.

*Something plummeted through the roof, but, Lord, how far down did it go?*

I limped over to the open door and flicked the light switch. The trajectory was clear. Whatever fell, it plunged through the ceiling, through the upstairs floorboards, and finally through the basin of my shower, a few inches from the drain.

Everything around the point of impact had changed.

Or, more accurately, was *still* changing.

A bevy of white acrylic cysts encircled the small hole. Most were the size of a tennis ball, but the largest among them was nearly the size of a fire hydrant. Engorged and pulsing, a phosphorescent liquid dribbled from the cysts. A smaller one audibly popped as I observed them, releasing the liquid and a smoky, metallic scent into the air, like the aroma of a pork chop if you could grill it with gunpowder.

The hole continuously exuded wisps of steam.

I followed one of those wisps up the shower wall.

Right where the steam appeared to concentrate, a tuft of strawberry blonde hair grew from the tile, attached to the ceramic by what looked like a patch of scalp. Clearly, it was my hair. I'd lose a strand or two when I showered, but never a whole godforsaken tuft.

*God, Christ, I need to go.*

*But where* ***can*** *I go?*

I flicked the light switch off.

*I’ll just have to hide.*

Blackness enveloped me.

Then, to my right:

**Knock-knock-knock.**

I didn’t turn.

**Knock...knock...knock.**

I couldn’t bear to look.

**Knock-knock-knock.**

I just ran.

The foyer passed by in a messy haze. My body howled, each accumulated injury its own voice in the agonizing cacophony. The small of my back spasmed, the muscles kicking like a mule. Hot blood dripped down my pounding head wound. My lungs ignited. Viscous breath like coal smoke sputtered from my cracked lips.

The heaving thuds were only a few steps behind me.

I reached the door and started unlatching the deadbolts.

One. Two. Three.

**Thud. Thud. Thud.**

Four, and five, and -

**Thud.**

My hand gripped the knob.

I could open the door.

I hesitated.

God, I hesitated.

**Thud. Thud.**

The phantom tube began to slither down my throat once more. The icy plastic. The filthy, filthy atmosphere.

*TURN.*

*TURN YOUR GODDAMNED WRIST.*

**Thud.**

My hand fell from the knob.

I couldn’t bear it.

I just couldn’t bear it.

I turned around, put my back to the door, and slumped to the floor.

It was only a few feet in front of me.

A hallucinatory amalgam of steaming flesh and strawberry blonde hair, ornamented with random pieces of my home. They jutted from its corpulent center with no apparent order or intention. A faucet head from its left flank. Vinyl records fanning from its chest like an exotic bird puffing out its plumage. There was no head on its shoulders; only the narrow apex of an antique clock. As it thudded towards me, the fixture chimed four AM. The sound was muffled and coarse, emanating from within its shuddering hide.

It towered over me. Globs of the phosphorescent liquid drizzled at my feet, like it was slobbering. The amalgam's copious steam distorted the surrounding atmosphere.

I waited.

I braced for the end.

No end came.

It began sliding away from me.

The amalgam heaved forward a few inches, then paused. The faucet head swiveled, then protruded, revealing a length of red, spongy muscle driving the metal. The curve knocked a familiar pattern into a nearby wall.

*My* pattern.

Then, it started moving again.

*It doesn’t want to hurt me...it doesn’t want anything.*

*It’s aimless. No goal, no purpose, no point.*

*It’s just wandering.*

*Spinning its wheels.*

*Trapped.*

The parallel was hard to swallow.

Tears welled. I choked back a few sobs before tearing the mask from my face, launching it across the room. As my hand recoiled, I accidentally smeared a drop of the amalgam’s fluid onto my pinky finger.

The tingling only lasted for a second.

Then, I began changing.

A nub of malignant flesh burst from my pinky finger, shattering its nailbed. An overdue scream finally billowed from my chest.

It was another pinky finger, glistening with blood.

I sprang to my feet and sprinted into the kitchen. I placed my thumb into my palm and they congealed together. Additional fingers exploded circumferentially from my pinky, eviscerating the original digit. They pushed into each other with malignant indifference, growing, expanding, becoming a hellish latticework of oozing stumps. I didn’t bother with the lights, nor a cutting board. The change was spreading. I had no time.

I raised the butcher’s knife.

*You can choose to live.*

I raised the knife even higher.

*Or you can choose to let yourself die.*

The blade fell like an avalanche.

*Can’t have it both ways.*

**Clunk-clunk-clunk.**

A vortex of electric agony detonated across my wrist.

I screamed.

I screamed again.

There was warmth. Profuse, distressing warmth. Eventually, the static simmered.

When I could manage, I looked down.

It was done, and it seemed to have stopped the spread.

*Make a choice.*

I wrapped the wound best I could and left the writhing mass of fingers on the countertop.

Then, I sprinted for the door.

I twisted the knob,

took a deep, deep breath,

and tore[ it open.](
Title: My Recurring Nightmare Returned [Part 1]

I have this recurring nightmare. I first had it when I was 7 but still have it from time to time. I wake up in my bed and look up to see a monster peering in from the hallway, through a cracked door. It would smile at me; a big, wide-eyed, toothy grin. Next thing I know, I’m under my dining room table. I don’t know exactly how I passed the monster, but my throat would burn as I was panting, somehow out of breath. It’s not clear in my mind, but I remember knowing I could watch the monster move as it looked for me, and that it made my stomach curl. How that’s possible, only knowing something but never seeing it, is only something a dreamscape makes true. I can, however, still hear the bones pop out and back in with each movement. It made my joints ache.  

Eventually, I would notice my front door was wide open. I’d wait for the monster to be distracted in the kitchen, then make a run for it. It would roar, or scream, or something. It was more of a shrill scream mixed with a burbling gargle that pierced my ears, rattling the bones around them including my jaw. It never mattered because I focused more on running.   

I could feel the wet, muddy grass beneath my feet as I ran into the small, wooded area near my house. No matter how fast I felt that I was running, it would always catch up. I’d trip on something: a rock, my own feet, or even, strangely, a small plastic doll like ones I’d play with in my waking life. I could never stand back up, my foot in so much pain, it felt broken.  

Then, I would turn and watch the monster stalk closer, breaking its jaw to open a wide, circular mouth with rows and rows and rows of sharp, curved teeth. Its breathing was always sick and loud, filled with wetness and rales. Then, It would make one shrill, gargled scream then I would wake up.   

It’s been years since I had this nightmare, often when I was under tons of stress or anxiety. More likely affected by insomnia I had as a child. In fact, I stopped having it after I dropped out of college, went through therapy, and fixed my entire sleep situation.   

It’s been two or three years now. I feel happier, I guess. I don’t think I’ll ever be the same. I try to completely close every door around me when I sleep or relax, or even when I’m busy or doing something. Though, the only door I can’t keep closed is my bedroom door. I have a cat, my whole world into one tiny furry creature. I don’t like locking her in or out, so I leave the door cracked. It wasn’t a problem until about a week ago.  

I had a nightmare again. By all accounts, I feel ridiculous, because I’m 21 now and shouldn’t be afraid. Yet, I’m petrified because this was new. I woke up, in my nightmare, on my couch instead of my bed. I sat up and looked forward through the living room and straight through the dining room to the large sliding glass door twenty-five feet away. There sat a monster, the monster, my monster, outside. He stared at me, smiled as usual, then raised one of his horrifically long fingers and gave a small tug to the handle.   

For some context, I never open this door. The deck is withered with rotten wood, and no one has really used it since I was 8. It’s decrepit and held up by a car jack. It’s one of the original parts of the twenty-year-old house that was never taken care of. All this to say, the door has been locked for at least 13 years, give or take a handful of times the door was open when my dad set off the smoke alarm making dinner.   

Yet, this small tug, something that seemed barely able to open an unlocked car door, opened this door with ease. The sound hit my ears like nails on a chalkboard, the rusted and old mechanisms grinding against one another for the first time in what felt like a lifetime. However, it was all the more pleasant than the creaking floorboards under the monster as it crawled into the house. It was maybe twenty feet away, and I was petrified, frozen to the couch. I could feel the frigid winter air wafting into the house as if this were real. The scariest thing was that he didn’t move; he just sat and watched me. Smiling, like my fear was entertainment. Then, he gave a short glance around our space, turned, and left. Then, I woke up.   

I keep reminding myself that it’s just a nightmare. It means nothing other than, I’m stressed and should probably relax. Yet, when I come home from work, I hear footsteps behind me. When I’m getting into bed, I hear the creaking of the floorboards. Every night since has been the same nightmare. I keep seeing things. Ads for what to do if someone were to break in, movies with monsters, YouTube videos with amalgamated creatures and wide eyes.  

I think something is wrong. I can feel it. The universe is telling me something that I don’t know or something! Nothing about this is normal or coincidental. Last night, during the nightmare, I could speak.  

“What are you?” I asked. He smiled at me.   

“Why are you here?” I asked. He took a breath, wet and popping, but he didn’t respond.  

“What do you want?” I asked with more vigor in my tone. He looked down at his emaciated form then back at me. “Hungry...” I said simply, responding for him. He smiled impossibly wider.   

“Why won’t you leave me alone?” I yelled. It echoed off the walls. The monster took a sharp breath in and screamed at me, shooting a wet and bloody mucus at me. The sharp sound cut off by an agonal cough. The mucus burned my skin and I screamed. I wiped it with my hand, which turned as white as paper. I looked back up at the monster as I shook with pain. His face wide, pale, eyes wide, and mouth large, with barely contained teeth, and always leaked mucus. He smiled at me, then lifted one long finger. He pointed at me, then himself, then to the floorboards. He tapped once, twice, then breathed in.  

“...You...Henry...” He muttered through a strange cough. "You..." 

I woke up immediately after that. I have never been more petrified, I’ve been awake since 4 am, since I woke up. I've never been able to speak with it before. It's never waited for me to say anything. I don't understand. These dreams won't stop, and I'm scared that this is more real than I thought it was. 

I didn't go to work today; everyone is calling me. I haven't eaten. I'm chain smoking. I'm too scared to leave my room.
Title: I thought the screaming was in my head until someone else heard it.

I am new to r/nosleep and writing so sorry if the formatting/grammar is shitty. But I need to get this off of my chest. So a little background, I have lived in Dayton, Ohio my entire life and did not leave until recently for college. I am currently a nursing student at the University of Cincinnati and haven't really thought about this until recently when I started having these horrific dreams. For those who don't know, Dayton is a really strange place and it's honestly pretty run down. After the 2008 crash, a lot of businesses left Dayton which left a ton of buildings to rot. Which made it a hot spot for crime, and also supernatural phenomena. 

A few years ago I lived by this park called Hills and Dales, well it's not really a park it's more of a golf course but you get the idea. Tucked inside the trees there’s this old stone tower that I went to all the time as a kid. I lived in an apartment right by the park and would go late at night with my friends, hanging out by that creepy tower. It goes by many names but the one I always heard was “Frankenstein's Castle” and how it got that name is pretty sad. 

Back in 1967 a girl named Peggy Harmeson died inside when the tower was struck by lightning. After that, they sealed the door with concrete so no one could get into it, however you can still climb into the windows which is what my friends and I would do. It’s said that she still haunts the tower, making it a relatively popular place.

We would sit at the top and try to scare each other. Peggy was said to have died on the 11th step so we would see who could sit on the step the longest without getting scared and running back to the top. I lasted the longest, not caving until a little after the four minute mark which I was pretty proud of. However, there’s one night that has fucked with me for the last 6 years. 

It started off normal, It was Memorial Day and my friends and I met at my house around 9pm and we left to go to the tower. My mom told me to be home by 10pm since there was a big storm on the way. Which I thought was odd since that hardly a lot of time. As we walked to the tower it was raining pretty hard but we didn’t care, and pressed on until we reached the tower. 

One by one we climbed through the window to get into the tower. I was the last in line with my friend Carson in front of me. All of a sudden I heard this otherworldly scream from down in the golf course. I whipped my head around and when I went to ask Carson if he heard the screaming, he was gone. I assumed he went inside with the rest of the group so brushed it off and thought it was just in my head and climbed into the tower. After reaching the top, I realized he wasn’t there. I asked “Where’s Carson?”. They all thought he was with me, but he wasn’t. We peered over the edge to see if he was just hiding to scare us but we couldn’t find him. 

We started shouting his name but the wind was so violent there was no way he would’ve been able to hear us. We start frantically looking for him and shouting his name, with no luck. So, I finally go to call him and that's when I hear it. The tornado sirens. 

We go down the steps into the tower and we are all freaking out even more. We didn’t really know what to do, we were stupid kids who were now stuck in this old haunted ass tower. I get a call from my mom screaming at me to get home, and I tell her that we are stuck in the tower. The tower was a good 20 minute walk from my house, so there was no possible way we would be safe walking back. So she tells me to stay put and wait it out. 

The wind screamed through the cracks of the tower and it felt almost alive. We were all so scared, we didn’t know when it would be over or if we would make it out of this tower. 

We didn’t leave until 2:30 in the morning and Carson was still nowhere to be found. Days went by and I spent a few hours at the police station giving my statement. Then nothing. Carson was never found, and after the incident I never really hung out with those friends again. I never went back to that tower, my mom told me to stay away and we ended up moving a few months after that. 

As the years went by It never really crossed my mind until earlier this year when I started dating my current girlfriend. She lived in the same area I used to live in and one day we walked to the golf course to smoke. I hadn’t been there since Carson went missing and walking there brought all those memories back. 

Once we got to the spot she usually goes to, she started packing the bowl she brought. She looked at me, noticing something was wrong. I didn’t tell her about that night, I realize now that I’ve never actually talked about it. She asked, 

“What’s wrong?” 

I told her it was nothing and she handed me the bowl. As I went to light it, my whole body stiffened and my skin was covered in goosebumps. That same inhuman scream I heard all those years ago, echoed through the entire golf course. I dropped the bowl and it shattered, spilling the $10 of weed I had left. I turned to look at my girlfriend and she was pale, staring at me with a look I can’t even describe. 

“What the fuck was that?” 

She asked in the most haunting tone I have ever heard. I told her, 

“We have to go. Now.” 

I take her hand and we start running towards her apartment. Then I hear an all too familiar sound, 

“Zaaach, stop hiding asshole, you aren’t scaring us” 

The sound bellowed through the hilly field and I knew what was happening. It was coming from the same direction as the tower. We sprint back to her apartment and I lock the door behind us. Once we got to her room I told her everything, Carson, the tornado, the screams, everything.  

5 kids went to that tower, and only 4 came back. Zach was never seen again, just like Carson. My girlfriend and I haven’t gone back and now that I’m in college I honestly don't know If I ever would, until 2 weeks ago. 

I started having these dreams where I'm at the golf course and I hear that same scream. I walk towards the tower and the closer I get, an overwhelming metallic taste fills my mouth. When I reach the tower, I can smell the stench of death and then I see it. Standing on top is this creature, standing almost 10 feet tall, its skin looks to be melting off, dripping on the ground by my feet. It has impossibly long arms and it’s completely naked. As I stand there frozen, it drops from the top of the tower and slams on the ground. 

Its bones crunch as it stands up, its mangled body snapping back into place as more of its skin falls off. As I stare at the creature, it turns to me and I see that it has no face. That thing walks towards me, its arms perfectly still as even more skin falls to the ground with every step. Its rotted muscle now visible. 

As I run down towards my girlfriend's house, the creature breaks into a sprint. The running is unearthly, the pacing of each step is off and its strides are unusually long.  Before it has time to catch me I wake up covered in sweat. 

I am currently on winter break and after having those dreams I want to go back. I need to know what happened to Carson, to Zach. Was it that creature or is it more. I will update you on what I can find.
Title: Every Year We Have Someone New For Christmas

My family's favourite Christmas tradition was always... a little strange. Every year, we’d invite a complete stranger to our holiday dinner. Someone who was all alone for the holidays. It was my mother's one, unbreakable rule. It was a beautiful act of charity, or so I thought. That was until this Christmas, when I finally learned what 'having someone for dinner' really meant.

For as long as I can remember, Christmas at my house was a Norman Rockwell painting come to life, just with one very peculiar brushstroke. The air hummed with pine needles and roasting turkey, the fireplace crackled, casting a warm glow on the walls, and the tree, always a little too big for the room, scraped the ceiling with branches heavy from a generation's worth of ornaments. My parents, my grandmother, my older brother, Michael, we were a postcard of holiday perfection. And right at the center of it all was our guest.

The tradition was older than I was. My grandmother, Nana Rose, said her own father started it during the Great Depression. “No one should be alone on Christmas,” she’d say, her voice as soft as the cashmere sweaters she always wore. “It’s the one night where everyone deserves to feel like they belong.” It was a beautiful thought, and as a kid, I accepted it completely. Our guests were the living embodiment of the Christmas spirit: charity, community, and radical kindness.

I remember them in flashes, like old, faded photographs. When I was six, there was Arthur, a retired librarian whose wife had passed away. He had ink-stained fingers that smelled of old paper and peppermint. He taught me how to fold a paper crane, and his laugh was a quiet, dusty rustle. He got a little teary-eyed when my mother gave him a gift, a new, leather-bound book of poetry. He said it was the kindest thing anyone had done for him in a very long time.

When I was nine, there was Sarah, a foreign exchange student whose flight home got canceled by a blizzard. She had a bright, tinkling laugh and taught us a Christmas carol in her language. We were all clumsy and off-key, but she just clapped with delight. Her energy made the whole house feel brighter.

Each year was the same beautiful, heartwarming story. A week before Christmas, my father would go looking for our guest. He had a knack for it, a sixth sense for finding the truly lonely. He’d visit shelters, soup kitchens, and veterans' halls. He’d talk to people, listen, and then extend the invitation. He always said he was looking for someone who had slipped through the cracks. “The ones nobody will miss,” he once said. The phrase sounded so charitable at the time, but now, it just echoes in my head.

The preparation was a whirlwind. The guest room, usually just storage for Dad’s old records and my toys, was completely transformed. Fresh linens that smelled like lavender were put on the bed. A small, personal Christmas tree sat on the nightstand, with a single, beautiful glass ornament on it. My mother would cook for three days straight. The feast was legendary: a massive, golden turkey; honey-glazed ham; mountains of mashed potatoes and stuffing; and every kind of pie you could imagine. Nothing was too good for our guest. They were the guest of honor, the entire point of the celebration.

As a child, I loved it. It made me feel proud. My family was good. We opened our home and our hearts. My friends’ Christmases seemed so boring and selfish in comparison. Ours had meaning. We were giving someone a perfect Christmas.

But the older I got, the more the perfect picture started to show tiny cracks. It wasn’t one big thing, not at first. Just a collection of small, odd details that didn't quite add up.

There was the secrecy, for one. My father handled the selection of the guest entirely by himself. My brother Michael and I were never allowed to be part of it. If we asked where he found this year’s guest, he’d just smile and say, “Someone who needed a little Christmas magic.”

Then, there were the doors. On Christmas Eve, after our guest was settled in, my father would walk through the house and lock every single door and window. He used these old, heavy skeleton keys he kept on a separate, unlabeled ring. I asked him why once, when I was twelve. “Just a precaution,” he said, patting my head. “Can’t have any drafts. We want to keep all this warmth inside.” It sort of made sense, but it also made the house feel less like a home and more like a beautifully decorated box.

And the knives. My father was meticulous about his carving knives. He had a special set, German steel with polished rosewood handles, that only came out for Christmas. He’d spend hours sharpening them before the holiday. That sound, steel whispering against stone, became one of the sounds of Christmas for me. A sound that was supposed to be festive, but always felt… wrong. Deeply unsettling. The blades were always sharpened to a terrifying, surgical point, far sharper than you'd ever need for a turkey.

Things really started to feel off when I was seventeen. That was the year Michael was away at college and couldn't come home. It was the first break in our little family unit, and his absence left a quiet void in the house. Maybe that’s why I started paying more attention.

That year's guest was a man named Elias. He was younger than usual, maybe in his late twenties. A transient, my father explained, who’d been hopping trains for a few years. He had kind, tired eyes and a shy smile that never quite reached them. He was quiet, but he had a gentle way about him. He told us stories about seeing the country from inside a boxcar, of sunrises in the Arizona desert and sunsets over the Kansas plains. He was poetic, and I genuinely liked him.

He was also different. The other guests had been lonely, yes, but they were also… soft. Arthur the librarian, Sarah the student. They were people buffered by society who'd hit a rough patch. Elias was hardened by the road. He had a wiry strength to him, a survivor’s edge I hadn’t seen before. He was grateful, but not overwhelmed by our hospitality. And he kept his worn backpack with him at all times, like it was a part of him.

On Christmas Eve, as we sat around the fire, my mother offered Elias a glass of her famous mulled wine. It was a tradition, a warm, spiced welcome.

“Thank you, ma’am, but I don’t drink,” Elias said politely.

My mother’s smile didn't move, but I saw something flicker in her eyes. Annoyance? No, it was more like… frustration. Like an actor had gone off-script.

“Oh, but you must,” she insisted, her voice a little too bright. “It’s a family recipe. It’s not Christmas without it.”

“I appreciate that, but I’ll have to pass,” Elias said. His tone was still gentle, but firm.

A strange, tense silence hung in the air. My father cleared his throat. “Now, dear,” he said to my mother, “if the man doesn’t want any, he doesn’t have to.”

The moment passed, but it stuck with me. Why was it so important? It was just a glass of wine. Later that night, as I headed to bed, I passed the guest room. The door was cracked open, and I could hear Elias humming softly. It was a mournful, traveling song. The sound of a free man.

The next morning, the air in the house was thick with unspoken tension. Elias came down for breakfast looking rested after a shower, wearing a new sweater we’d left for him. But he still had that cautious, watchful look.

My mother, on the other hand, was a mess. She was usually the picture of holiday grace, but her movements were jerky, her smile brittle. My father was trying to overcompensate, his laughter loud and forced. Only Nana Rose seemed unchanged, sitting by the fire, her knitting needles clicking with a steady, unnerving rhythm.

The day wore on. We opened presents. Elias got a new winter coat, thick socks, and sturdy boots. He was genuinely touched, and for the first time, I saw his smile finally reach his eyes. He was a good person. He deserved this. A warm meal and a safe place.

While my parents were busy in the kitchen, I ended up alone with Nana Rose in the living room. Elias had gone to his room to try on his new boots.

“He’s a nice young man,” I said, just to fill the silence.

Nana Rose didn’t look up from her knitting. “He is,” she said. “But he’s… wary. Not like the others.”

“What do you mean?”

She stopped knitting and looked right at me. Her eyes, usually so warm, were dark and serious. “The tradition requires a certain… receptiveness. An openness. A willingness to accept what is given. This one… he holds himself apart.”

Her words sent a chill through me. Receptiveness? Willingness to accept? It sounded less like charity and more like a transaction. What were our guests supposed to be accepting?

“What’s in the mulled wine, Nana?” The question just slipped out.

Her expression didn't change. “A little something to help our guests relax. To feel at home. To make the evening… smoother.” She went back to her knitting. “It’s a kindness, you see. It’s better if they’re calm.”

Better for who? The question screamed in my head, but I didn't ask. My heart was starting to pound. A sedative. They were drugging our guests. Why? To make them compliant? Nothing made sense.

My mind started racing, connecting all the dots I’d ignored for years. The locked doors. The over-sharpened knives. My father looking for someone “nobody will miss.” A monstrous picture was starting to form, one I couldn’t bear to look at.

I had to know. I needed proof. I mumbled an excuse and went upstairs, past Elias’s room, to a door at the back of the hall I was always told to ignore. The cellar door. It was always locked. I remembered my father’s ring of old keys. Then I thought of the spare key hook hidden behind a plaque in the kitchen.

My hands were shaking as I crept back downstairs. My parents were still in the kitchen, their backs to me. The sizzle and clatter of pans covered my footsteps as I reached behind the plaque. My fingers closed around the cold, heavy iron of a skeleton key.

Heart in my throat, I went back upstairs. The key felt like a dark secret in my palm. I stood before the cellar door, my breath caught in my chest, and slid the key into the lock. It turned with a loud, grating click.

I pulled the door open. A set of steep, narrow stairs descended into darkness. A damp, metallic smell rose up to meet me—the smell of a butcher shop.

I fumbled for the light switch. A single bare bulb cast a sickly yellow light on the scene below.

It wasn't a wine cellar. It was a slaughterhouse.

The floor was concrete with a large drain in the center. The walls were lined with hooks for hanging meat. On a large wooden table sat a collection of tools that made my stomach lurch: cleavers, saws, and more of those terrifyingly sharp knives. Everything was spotless, but there was no mistaking its purpose. The air was thick with the ghost of blood.

The most horrifying part was a large, industrial freezer against the far wall, humming ominously. My hand trembled as I reached for the handle. I knew that opening it would destroy my world forever. But I had to know.

I pulled the heavy lid open. A cloud of icy vapor rolled out. Inside, wrapped in white butcher paper and neatly labeled with dates, were… packages. Dozens of them. My eyes fell on one near the top. The black marker read: “Arthur, Dec 25th, 10 years ago.”

I stumbled back, a scream trapped in my throat, and slammed the freezer shut. My mind refused to process it. Arthur. The kind librarian. Sarah. The laughing student. All of them. They weren't guests. They were ingredients.

We didn’t invite a stranger for Christmas dinner. We invited a stranger to be Christmas dinner.

I scrambled back up the stairs, my legs weak, vision swimming. I slammed the cellar door, fumbled the key back into the lock, and ran to my room, collapsing on my bed, gasping for air. The cheerful Christmas music from downstairs was a grotesque joke. My family. My warm, loving family. They were monsters.

I don’t know how long I lay there, trapped in a storm of horror. An hour, maybe two. Then a soft knock on my door.

“Honey? Dinner’s almost ready.” It was my mother. Her voice, once the most comforting sound in the world, made my skin crawl. I didn’t answer.

The knock came again, more insistent. “Sweetheart? Is everything alright?”

I couldn’t speak. The doorknob rattled. “Open the door, dear.”

I stayed silent, frozen. I heard her sigh, then the jingle of keys. A skeleton key slid into my lock and turned. The door swung open.

My mother stood there, a concerned smile on her face, still wearing her holiday apron. But when she saw the look on my face, her smile vanished. She knew. She knew that I knew.

She stepped into the room, closing the door behind her. “You went into the cellar, didn’t you?” she asked, her voice quiet, stripped of all its usual warmth.

I could only nod, tears streaming down my face.

She sat on the edge of my bed but didn’t touch me. She looked tired, suddenly so much older. “I was hoping we’d have more time,” she said softly. “Michael didn’t find out until he was nineteen. Your father wanted to tell you together, after the new year.”

“Tell me?” My voice was a ragged whisper. “Tell me what? That you’re murderers? That you’re cannibals?”

She flinched at the word but didn’t deny it. “It’s not that simple,” she said. “It’s a necessity. It’s about survival.”

And then she told me the real story. The tradition didn’t start with charity during the Depression. It started generations ago, with my great-great-grandfather. He made a pact. The details were murky, but the terms were clear: the family was granted prosperity, health, and long life. But the pact required a sacrifice. A sustenance. Once a year, on the day of greatest celebration, they had to consume an outsider to renew their life force, to renew the pact.

“We don’t enjoy it,” my mother said, her voice pleading. “It’s a terrible burden. But if we stop… the pact breaks. The protection vanishes. The family… withers. Your great-uncle tried to stop. He refused to partake. He was sick within a month and gone by spring.”

She looked at me, her eyes desperate. “We choose people who won’t be missed. People already lost to the world. We give them one perfect day. The best food, a warm fire, a feeling of belonging. It’s more than they would have had. And their… contribution… allows our family to continue. It allows you to live, to be healthy, to have a future.”

I stared at her, horrified. She was justifying mass murder as a family duty.

“The wine…” I choked out.

“It puts them to sleep,” she confirmed, her voice now clinical. “They go to bed happy and warm, and they just… don’t wake up. It’s painless. Your father is very quick. He learned from his father, just as he will teach Michael. And just as he would have taught you.”

The feast. The main course was never turkey. That was just for show. The real feast, the "special roast" that Nana Rose always brought up from "cold storage" at the last minute, was prepared separately.

I looked at my mother, the woman who tucked me in at night, and saw a stranger. A monster in a Christmas apron.

“Dinner is ready,” she said, standing up. “Elias is… asleep. Nana Rose is bringing up the roast. We’re all waiting for you.”

She left, leaving my door open. An invitation. Downstairs, I can hear the faint, rhythmic sound of my father sharpening a knife. A final touch-up before the carving.

I'm sitting on my bed, writing this. My choice is simple and impossible. I can go downstairs and join them, take my place in this monstrous tradition. I can eat the feast and seal my fate, ensuring my own survival at the cost of my soul. Or, I can refuse. I can try to run. But the doors are locked. The windows are sealed. And Elias… Elias was a survivor. He was wary. He didn’t drink the wine. I haven't heard a sound from his room in hours. I don't know what they did to him, how they handle a guest who won't cooperate.

I think about the "special roast" about to be served. I think about my place at the table, empty and waiting. My family has had someone new for Christmas every year for over a century. This year, I am the one who is new. New to the truth. And I have to decide if I’m going to be a guest at this feast, or if my own family will find another way to have me for dinner.

What would [you do?](
Title: The ceiling tiles in my grocery store keep moving.

I work at a grocery store maintained by a horde of morons.

Every week, the refrigeration unit goes out. Whether the fans break, the drainage clogs, the oil burns up, whatever—it fails without fail once a week.

We put in a work order, and after a few days, a fat shlub shows up and starts poking around. They’ll hang around for a couple hours “working” and eventually ask me to sign something. 

If interrogated, they insist the problem is solved for now, but they ordered a part that should be coming soon—in the next couple days—and they’ll update the ticket to reflect that. 

They never do. The part never comes. The problem recurs, another ticket is created, and the cycle repeats. Thus, we endure an endless parade of buffoons at all hours, leaving their tools about, ladders standing, and doors propped open.

That’s why it wasn’t much of a surprise when I came in one morning after a day off to find several ceiling tiles moved aside.

I could’ve grabbed a ladder and fixed them myself. However, I had no way of knowing whether a tech was coming back. I’d been scolded before by our district facilities manager for “interfering” with maintenance.

So, I left them. There was one in the office, one in the breakroom, and one in the men’s bathroom.

That day, we were slammed. I was called to the front to help cashier and get the line down.

I set up my register and called over the next family in line.

They had the cutest little kid I’d ever seen.

He was probably six, with white-blonde hair, a Winnie the Pooh hoodie, and a pair of light-up Sketchers. He was holding his dad’s hand.

I waved, and he bashfully waved back.

The mom forgot her purse in the car, so she ran out to get it. 

“Yesterday, I made paper angels in class for Christmas!” he said proudly and without prompting.

“Really?” I said. “Wow, that’s fun!”

“Yeah, my teacher said mine were the best ones in the whole class. I like paper angels because—” he coughed loudly without covering his mouth “—because they’re so pretty and they look like the real thing.” Then, before I could respond, he said, “You know, you’re not supposed to work on the Sabbath. It’s a holy day.”

I thought his dad might be slightly embarrassed, but he was beaming with pride.

“Why’s that?” I asked.

He rolled his eyes. “Because it’s the seventh day, duh.”

I laughed. *Well, you should tell your daddy not to shop on Saturday then, huh?* I wanted to say, but I didn’t.

“You’re a smart kid. What’s your name?”

“Bryce,” he said.

“Ah, Bryce, that’s a good name. How old are you?”

Bryce didn’t answer my question. Instead, he asked one of his own.

“Why are you bald?”

His dad’s face went flush and I laughed loudly. 

“Well,” I said, “sometimes that happens when you get older.”

Bryce nodded contemplatively like he had never considered that before. Fear flashed across his face. He tugged on his dad’s shirt and looked up seriously.

“Will I get bald, daddy?”

“There’s nothing wrong with being bald, buddy,” he said, glancing at me, “but I don’t think you will. It’s genetic.”

The mom came back with her purse and apologized profusely. They paid, and I wished them all a nice day.

Before they walked away, the dad slipped a pamphlet into my hand with a smile. “For your salvation. Repent and be saved.” Seventh-Day Adventists… I just thanked him.

The line was down and I went back to the sales floor.

On my way to the office maybe ten minutes later, I passed by the bathrooms and saw Bryce’s dad waiting outside the men’s. He was knocking.

“Bryce, open the door *now*,” he demanded. Worry crept into his voice as a faint tremor.

“Is everything okay?” I asked him.

“He’s been in there for a long time and he’s not responding.”

“He locked it?”

“Obviously he locked it.”

“Right,” I said, thinking. “Let me grab the key.”

I grabbed the key from the office and slipped it into the door. I stood back to let Bryce’s dad take the lead.

“We’re coming inside, okay buddy?” he called.

He swung the door open.

It was empty.

Bryce was gone.

We both stood there, our stomachs sinking. 

Suddenly Bryce’s dad charged in and spun around.

“Bryce?” he called to no one. It was plain as day that the bathroom was empty, and there was nowhere to hide. One sink, one toilet, one urinal, one trashcan. 

“Isn’t there another exit? There’s gotta be another exit!”

I swallowed hard and shook my head. My eyes darted around the room, searching for an answer.

“Are you sure he didn’t go into the women’s?” I asked.

“No, he went in here. I closed the door for him. He was right here, goddammit!”

I walked over to the women’s anyway and tried the door handle. It was unlocked.

I swung the door open and an elderly woman inside screamed at me from the toilet. I swung it shut.

I rushed back into the men’s where Bryce’s dad was staring at the floor, pacing.

“Are you sure he didn’t walk out of the bathroom at some point?” I asked.

He stared at me incredulously. “No, you fucking moron, how would that work? I was at the door the entire time!”

“You didn’t look at your phone or anything?”

“I glanced at my phone, but…” he began. “What the fuck are you trying to say?”

“Sir, I’m just looking for an explanation.”

“No, so I’m—let me get this straight—you think I would let my son just walk away from me? Is that right?”

His voice was raising with every word and other customers were beginning to stare from the registers.

I shook my head, at a loss for words.

Then I remembered the ceiling tile.

I looked up into the dark hole above us. So did he.

I ran for the ladder without a word. I heard Bryce’s dad calling out the boy’s name through cupped hands behind me, desperate.

How could he have reached it? The ceiling was at least eight feet high. Even if he climbed on the tallest fixture, the sink (which wasn’t anywhere close to the moved tile), he couldn’t possibly have touched the ceiling, much less climbed into it. Besides, the drop ceiling tiles weren’t reinforced in any way. I was certain they would have collapsed under his weight if he tried crawling across them.

I brought the ladder back and hastened up. Bryce’s dad didn’t object. 

Inside the ceiling was dusty and dark. I shined my phone flashlight inside for a better view.

Ahead, there was nothing but some ductwork and rafters.

I panned around and saw more of the same. Some wiring, some dust bunnies. The layer of dust (20 years of it, at least) seemed completely undisturbed. 

Finally, I repositioned myself on the ladder and turned around to look behind me.

There was a massive hand.

I jumped, nearly sending the ladder toppling out from under me. Bryce’s dad held on tight.

“What?” he shouted. “Did you find him?”

I didn’t answer. I just stared at the hand.

It was made of paper-mache, and it was painted blue.

“Answer me goddammit!” he shouted again.

“No,” I said shakily. “No, I don’t see him.”

I reached out and picked the hand up.

There was something off about it. It was heavy. It seemed like it was maybe cast in plaster first, then the paper-mache applied over top.

Then I realized it. The hand had seven fingers.

Bryce’s dad was calling out to me but I hardly heard him.

I turned the hand over. It was hollow on the underside. Something was stuffed into the opening.

A shoe.

I grabbed the heel tab and pulled it out with a thunk.

It lit up. 

 
\*\*\*

 

The police searched the grocery store high and low. Beyond the shoe stuck in the plaster hand, they didn’t find a single other trace of Bryce. 

I told them everything from my perspective and they left me alone. I had no explanation for the hand, and neither did they.

I called the maintenance company about the ceiling tiles. They insisted that no one had been there that morning, and the technician from the most recent work order swore up and down he had never moved the ceiling tiles.

I put the tiles back in place, of course. They gave me the heebie-jeebies.

Assuming the worst possible intent—that someone had opened the tiles and waited for someone to abduct—why were there moved tiles in the breakroom and the office? Had they planned on targeting one of our employees? Me, even?

Time passed without incident for several weeks.

I checked in from time to time on the progress of the search for Bryce. There were never any new leads. Someone thought they saw him in a Sonic drive-thru two towns over, but it wasn’t him.

I had settled back into the mundanity of my work when something new happened one night.

I was in the office doing the closing paperwork while my cashier was on the sales floor cleaning.

I was reaching for the stapler when I heard a soft sliding sound.

When I looked up from my papers, I saw a ceiling tile at the far end of the office was out of place again. Same one as before.

I sat still.

Looking closer, I saw something else: blue paper fingers. Six of them, save for the thumb, which remained out of sight. They came through the hole in the ceiling and gripped the lip tight.

I didn’t even have time to react. As soon as I recognized the fingers, something else shot down.

Hair.

Golden, curly hair came pouring down all at once.

At the root, peeking out of the ceiling, was a huge pale white forehead and pair of brilliant blue eyes, wide and staring.

The hair was real, as far as I could tell, but the rest wasn’t. It was paper. Like a man in a paper-mache mascot costume. I could see the pale beige paint flaking, the uneven texture of the paper beneath. It was poorly done. I could see parts where they had missed painting and the white-gray of the paper showed. The head was huge and round, exactly as you would imagine a mascot head to be.

The eyes were painted on, too, but… I think they flickered with excitement.

I reeled back and fell out of my office chair. I bit down hard on my tongue with a grunt.

When I looked back up at the ceiling in panic, it was gone. The tile was closed and the head was gone.

The cashier came rushing in at the commotion, and I made an excuse. “Scared myself,” I joked, laughing and blotting my bleeding tongue with a tissue.

When he was convinced I was okay and I was alone again, I checked the security camera footage of the office. Nothing. I looked like a crazy person, staring up at the perfectly normal and unchanging ceiling for a second and then going tumbling in fright. 

\*\*\*

I spent weeks dreaming about the paper mascot peering down at me from the ceiling. In some, it climbed through the hole fully, revealing a massive angel costume complete with wings. Then it produced a fireaxe and thunked it straight into my skull. In others, it just hung there, staring at me, until it raised a finger and beckoned me forward. For whatever reason I obeyed, and when I reached it, its arms shot down and yanked me up, and I was washed in this beautiful blue light. Those ones didn’t scare me like the others. They comforted me, somehow.

It was another month before my next encounter.

We had yet another refrigeration alarm going off—LOW TEMP IN UNIT B9—and I was stuck waiting on a technician to show up. It was late already. The store was closed, and the cashier was finishing up the cleaning duties. 

I was on the phone with the maintenance dispatcher for an ETA when the cashier let me know she was done. I held my hand over the receiver and told her she could leave. She looked at me uneasily.

“Are you sure you wanna stay here alone?” she asked.

I chuckled. “Well, I don’t have much of a choice, do I? Unless you wanna stay with me.”

She checked her watch awkwardly and shook her head. “I’m good. I’ve got plans, sorry.”

“I was joking,” I assured her. “Go home. I’ll be fine.”

So she left, and I waited for the tech alone. The dispatcher assured me someone would be there in an hour and a half.

I wasn’t about to waste all that time sitting around. I walked out on the sales floor and got to work straightening things up, reworking backstock, etc.

Grocery stores are eerie at night, in the same way that any busy public place is eerie when it’s empty. Something about the lack of people feels apocalyptic. It’s like the world outside was sucked up by the Rapture, and you’re alone inside with all this food. At least, you hope you’re alone.

I was running the pallet of grocery backstock past the cooler door when I heard something inside. It sounded like a thump of metal.

Grocery stores make lots of noises if you listen. Hissing, creaking, the whining of pipes, the humming of the refrigeration units. You get used to it. But when you hear a new sound, it sticks out. 

I stopped the pallet jack and listened. I didn’t hear anything else.

We had walked the store and checked for customers as usual. I was alone. But… had I checked the cooler? I couldn’t remember.

Hesitantly, I slid the cooler door open.

A ceiling tile was gone.

The cooler ceiling doesn’t have tiles. It’s a sheet of solid metal. But nevertheless, there was a perfect square missing from it.

I walked in just in time to catch a blue hand sliding the metal back into place. It fit flush with mechanical precision, the lines fading away like they were never there.

I saw something move in the meat cooler.

Plastic strip curtains obscured my view, but there was a figure shifting around in there. I heard the sounds of eating.

I took a deep breath and slid the plastic aside.

It was Bryce.

He was clutching a chuck roast in his hands and ripping huge chunks away with his teeth.

He was emaciated and filthy. I could see his collarbone under his taut skin. 

He was still wearing his Winnie the Pooh sweater, but it was far too small now. He had aged. It had only been two months or so since he had disappeared from our bathroom, but he looked to have aged three years at least.

Bryce saw me and stood. His blonde hair was shaved into a buzzcut. His knees were knobby and bruised.

“Bryce…” I managed. My breath was frozen in astonishment.

“Hi,” he said. His voice was deeper now, scratchy and thin.

“Where have you been?” I took a step forward.

“Heaven,” he replied like it was the most obvious thing.

I took a deep breath and calmed myself. I needed him to feel safe.

“What were you doing in Heaven?”

“Holy work,” he said softly. Like it was a secret. Something he was ashamed of, maybe. “They chose me.” 

I took another cautious step towards him. His face was covered in dirt and beef drippings.

“Who chose you, Bryce?” I asked. I knew the answer already.

“The paper angels,” he said.

And he smiled.

\*\*\*

For the next three years, the news just kept coming. The same story in different places, with different victims. 

Some of them were children. Some were elderly. Some were like me. 

All of them were crucified. 

All of them had flecks of paint and paper fibers all over their bodies.

Investigators speculated that it was the work of a serial killer. A psychopath.

But I knew whose work it really was.

It was holy work.

EDIT: I hear something over my roof. The beating of wings.
Title: Doghead Man

My concerns about coming back to Greece diminished when I viewed the full moon over the mountainside.  Growing up in New York, I’ve only ever known crowded streets, garbage and skyscrapers.

I flew back to Athens to meet my friend Lyco; he lived in his family home local to the university we both attended.  I’ll never forget the day we met.

Sitting in the quad one day, two particularly creepy upperclassmen walked by me and said, “frésko ​​kréas!” then laughed as they walked away.  That’s when Lyco walked up to me.

“Ignore them, they’re just making fun because you’re new, ‘frésko ​​kréas’ just means fresh meat.” he said, holding out his hand. “I’m Lyco, nice to meet you.”

“I’m Dennis, nice to meet you too.” I replied.

Lyco helped me adjust to the regional culture and always had questions about America- a place he wanted to visit but for some reason wasn’t allowed to, which I never understood.

During senior year, I did a couple things I regretted.  Lyco lent me money before my flight back to NYC, which I promised I’d send back immediately, but neglected to when I returned to the states.  And worse, I slept with his sister, Ilissa, after a Carnival party.  I was never sure if Lyco needed to know this though; Ilissa was an adult, she even said herself it was best not to say anything.  I never saw her again after that; her strawberry blonde hair and vivid blue eyes made it hard to forget her.  I was secretly hoping I’d see those eyes again on this trip.

However, I did bring Lyco his money, with interest, and gave him my best Canon video camera as a gift.  Lyco seemed pleased, so I relaxed.  I had to bite my tongue though; I desperately wanted to know where Ilissa was.  She sent me letters over the years, the last one was a postcard that came with a warning to *not come back* *to Greece*, no matter how badly we wanted to see each other.  I begged her to come to NYC, but nothing.  We stayed off social media to not raise any suspicion.

Relaxing on the porch, Lyco and I reminisced on our college adventures.  Like when we climbed up the university’s clock tower and smoked a hash & tobacco cigarette, then being too afraid to climb down.  And that stroll along the river when I encountered the “beast”.

*At one point on the walk we separated to pee, that is when I saw it staring at me.  It was far away, but I quickly zipped up and ran back to meet Lyco.  When we reconnected, I didn’t say anything, I was in shock.*

“It looked like man with dog’s head; it walked on two legs.” Lyco recalled.

“You saw it too?!?” I exclaimed.

Lyco then recounted a story of how his grandfather fought one off in their backyard. And tragically… Ilissa is dead, the family believes the beast killed her.  Her torso was found along the same riverbed not far from his house, but her head was missing.

My mind went into a spiral, vertigo.

“I found this necklace near where we found her body.” he said, holding up the necklace in a bloody plastic bag.  It was the same necklace I gave to Ilissa during Carnival.

Now I’m feeling sick.

All thoughts of confessing our brief affair were now moot seeing the necklace; she’s gone. 

“Ilissa deserves a proper burial, but we need to find her head.  Besides my parents, you are the only person that knows this, the police don’t even know.” he finished.

Lyco and I drove his jeep to the river, leaving the headlights on so we could look for her head.  I can’t believe I flew to Greece and am now searching for the missing head of someone I was deeply in love with.  Is this a joke?

We split up to scour the area, flashlights in hand.  It wasn’t long before I saw “it” again.  This time it howled up at the moon.

I screamed, “Lyco, let’s go, now!!”

I got to the jeep first, so I hopped into the driver’s seat.  As I kicked the door open for Lyco, the doghead man bared its teeth and lunged at the jeep.  I slammed the door shut in time and sped off down the dirt path.

Tears streaming down my face, I slammed the brakes, I had to go back and get Lyco, but in the rearview mirror the dogman was quickly approaching.  Its howl, chilling.

It grabbed onto the spare tire, ripping if off the back of the Jeep entirely.  I had no choice but to speed out of there.

Back at the house, I couldn’t figure out how to call for help, nobody was at home. 

"The police don't even know." echoed in my head, causing me to hesitate calling 911, or whatever it is out here.

Lyco then sent me a text message.

*“I’m ok, I waded across the river, the dogman hates water.  Be there soon.”*

I was relieved.  This trip to Greece has turned into unimaginable horror in just a few hours.

As I waited for Lyco, I brought my luggage into the guest room that Lyco showed me when I arrived and began to unpack to take my mind off what just happened.  In the top drawer of the dresser were some of my letters to Ilissa, unopened.  Then I noticed it, the unmistakable odor of rotting flesh.  I slowly opened the bottom drawer.  Ilissa’s rotting head rolled over, resting in place on the back of her head staring straight up at me, her once vibrant blue eyes now looked like jellied candy oozing a dark green slime.

Lyco then entered the house, slamming the door hard.  He ran up the stairs in loud stomps.

He entered the guest room holding the spare tire from his jeep.  He threw it hard against the wall, leaving a gaping hole.  His clothes were shredded.

He said, “Well Dennis, I think it’s time to inform you that you have a son.  Would you like to meet him?”

A small creature- half human, half resembling a mutant dog- came strolling around the corner on a leash, walking on two legs.  They walked over to the closet, opened the door; Ilissa’s torso came tumbling out, then the creature began to eat her flesh, starting with the arm.  Lyco held up the Canon camera to film the occasion.

“Welcome to the family, Dennis.” he said as he backed out of the room and shut the door.
Title: My Uncle Asked Me to Visit His Village Before June 21st. I Wasn’t Supposed to Leave Alive.

I received a letter in 1989  from an uncle I had never met. What transpired almost cost me my life. This is a simplified retelling of the events.

Until then, I had never met any of my family besides my parents. Whenever I asked my father about them, he would evade my questions and say that they’re gone. 

You can understand my surprise when a letter came from a person who introduced himself as my uncle, offering his condolences after my father’s passing.

This time was especially hard for me. My mother passed when I was just a small child, so my father was the only family I had. His long battle with cancer took a toll on my mental health. I was still in college, so the stress of money and how I would take care of myself gnawed at my mind.

We moved around a lot with my father, so I never managed to make real connections with people. There wasn’t really anyone I could ask for help.

That’s why my uncle's letter was like a glimmer of sun during a heavy rainstorm.

My uncle outlined in that letter that he’s devastated by the death of his brother and the knowledge that his nephew has no one to fend for him. He proposed a visit to his village the summer after my classes. We would discuss how he could aid me financially until I finished my studies. He urged me to come before June 21st for the summer solstice.

I had signed a work contract that obliged me to stay in my college town until June 19th.

In a reply, my uncle said that it would not be an issue, but to get on the road as soon as possible. There was a strange urgency in his second letter, and he seldom spoke of anything else, but I didn’t give it much thought.

I couldn’t find the village on my map; luckily, my uncle sent the precise directions to it.

I managed to arrive at the village on the night of June 19th. The way there was strange. After getting off the highway, I had to crisscross through narrow country roads until it eventually turned to a full dirt path through the woods for the last 20 miles. 

What surprised me even more was how scarcely populated the area was. My country is very densely populated, and you seldom go more than 20 miles without seeing a village, but since I exited the highway, there were just fields and forests for more than 70 miles.

My uncle's house was at the end of the village. Some people were standing outside their homes or looking out their windows, waving to my car. I knew people here were friendlier than in the city, but I wouldn’t expect them to be out at 1 a.m., greeting a stranger.

My uncle stood outside his house flashing my car down. He greeted me with a big hug. Tears were already in his eyes. I started crying too. He let me in and put a teapot on the stove.

“The last time I saw you, Danny, you were about this big.”

He showed about 25 inches.

“But now you’re a big man. You’re larger than I am.” He laughed. “And you look so much like your father. I tried to reach out to him to get him some help, but he wouldn’t listen. I’m sure it must have been so hard for you.”

“Yeah, it was.”

“Poor man, but I don’t want to bring up any past trauma now. We’ll talk about it later. Tell me how your school is?”

We then continued to talk mostly about my life. My uncle was very interested and kept asking me questions. I can’t remember the last time I talked this much. It was good to have someone listen to me again, as Dad used to.

After a while, my uncle said that I was probably tired and he didn’t want to exhaust me even more.

“Before I go to sleep, I also need to ask you, Uncle Ron. Why did my dad never speak of you or this town? You said that our family has lived here for hundreds of years. Why would my dad leave?”

“Eh, Danny, this is a complicated story. Your father married a woman, your mother, who was not from this town and was very Christian. I could immediately see something was wrong with her. Your father slowly withdrew from the community until a few days after your birth; they left in the dead of the night.”

“I hoped you and your father would return once she died. But let’s not talk about that too much. You’re here, Danny! Please go rest up before tomorrow, we have two eventful days in front of us.”

He ran his hand through my hair and let me go to my room.

I was torn as I left the table. My dad always painted my mom as a beautiful person, but why would he leave his brother and community behind and never come back?

Before I went to sleep, I looked around the room. Strange paintings of a big dark creature inside a forest were on the wall. This area of the country was well known for its folklore, but I couldn’t remember any old legends I had heard about anything that looked similar to it.

The next morning, I woke up late, around noon. There was a loud noise coming from the street. Women were dressed in beautiful, flowery dresses while men wore black and white shepherd costumes with large canes and black hats decorated with long bird feathers. They were parading through the streets singing songs in a language I didn’t understand.

My uncle left a note on the table saying to meet him in the village hall. There was the same shepherd's costume sitting on a chair in exactly my size. 

On the street, everyone greeted me with joy and happiness in their faces. 

In the village hall, I was greeted by the town's mayor. He let me sit in an honorary seat at the head of the table. 

Homemade plum liquor was passed around. I didn’t drink often and tried to refuse the offer at first, but they kept being so persistent that I caved in. 

There were paintings of the same creature my uncle had at his house.

The villagers called him Belzír. It was an old folk creature that came out of the forest every twenty years to feast on a chosen one from the village. They said it would bring them a good harvest and fertility.

In my drunkenness, I began laughing at it, but they all seemed serious.

Then a few villagers walked to the stage and began playing music. The people started dancing. The flowery dresses spun around like a Ferris wheel while the men tapped their canes to the rhythm.

I tried to get up and join them, but as I stood up, my head started spinning, and my world went blank.

I woke up gasping.

The morning dew felt cold on my feet.

I tried to move, but my hands were tied to something.

Splinters dug into my hands as I moved around more.

I tried to open my eyes, but there was only darkness.

Then faint footsteps came closer.

Someone started taking off the rag over my head.

It was my uncle standing in front of me.

I looked around frantically.

I stood naked in a field, tied to an effigy of the creature from the paintings.

Around me were two wooden terraces with all the people from the village staring down at me.

The mayor stood on a wooden podium on the left terrace.

“Ro..Ron..what is going on?”

I screamed out.

“Shhh, boy, silent, let the mayor speak. You’ll soon understand.”

“Oh dear Belzír, we bring to you now Ron’s nephew to ensure the fertility of our women and land for the next twenty years. Please accept these gifts from your humble and loving servants.”

The crowd roared as my uncle waved and bowed to the masses.

My heart sank.

“Let us sing now.”

The crowd started singing another tune, this time sounding more ominous. Their throats were calling out in unison.

The forest went silent, and the birds stopped singing.

The noise was so terrifying that I wanted to pluck my ears, but my hands were still tied.

I tried to loosen the knot slowly, but it was tighter than I thought at first.

The trees then began moving.

The ground echoed with loud stumps.

A roar sounded from the trees.

My ears began ringing upon hearing it.

The air was filled with a smell of rotten fruit.

The people began lighting fires.

Loud drumming echoed from the stands.

I tried digging harder into the knot.

Then the trees parted closer and closer until the last one gave in.

Before me now stood a creature more than 12 feet tall. Its skin was bare and dark. Its red eyes stared right into mine. It let out a huge roar and made its way towards me.

The air now turned hot.

My whole body was in panic.

The creature was getting closer.

I started jerking myself around.

Then my body hit the effigy hard. 

It slowly fell and shattered on the ground.

The whole crowd gasped in surprise.

Belzír stopped dead in its tracks.

My hands were free now.

“What did you do, Danny?!” My uncle screamed.

“He broke the ritual!” The mayor yelled out.

Belzír roared, hit the ground, and started charging the wooden structures. People fell to the ground, piling on top of each other.

All I heard were the screams and cries of terror as I ran away.

I ran for as long as my legs let me, stopping and hiding every 10 minutes.

My head was still spinning from the drink.

After hours, my legs gave in, and I stopped at a forest opening far away from the town.

There were cuts all over my feet. My legs burned so hard I could barely stand up.

The days became a blur. I can’t remember what I ate or drank, or if I even did at all.

A group of lumberjacks found me two days later. I first tried to fight them, believing they were from the village, but they managed to calm me down.

I reported my experience to the police, but they were unable to locate the village. It wasn’t on any maps, not historical or current.

They wanted to close the case as drug-induced psychosis, but after multiple calls, I managed to persuade the local police chief to send a patrol to the location my uncle gave me.

I rode with them that day. The roads were as I remembered, but when we arrived at the place where the village used to be, there was just an empty meadow.

Nothing, no buildings, no village hall, no bones, just the meadow.

I broke down on the ground, crying. The police had to take me to a hospital.

I tried to persuade the police chief to continue the case, but he had had enough and stopped answering my calls.

Years later, I’m still haunted by images of the town and Belzír. I never finished college and moved away to a different place.

This morning, I opened my mailbox, and inside was a letter with my uncle’s handwriting on it. It was a postcard with the image of Belzír from his room on it. It was dated on the 21st of June, 1989.
Title: The Flicker

The job was simple. It paid well enough. 
Even if it hadn’t, I would have taken it anyway. After nine months of unemployment, choice stops being a luxury and starts feeling like arrogance.

I started on a Tuesday. Odd, I know. They said they were in a rush—something about the previous guy leaving without notice. Apparently the guy just walked out mid-week and never came back. A red flag, sure. But red flags fade when rent is due.

The work itself didn’t sound bad. Basic data input. After hours. Double pay. That last part hooked me instantly.

The elevator ride up was quiet except for the low hum of the cables and the faint rattle in the ceiling panel above my head. The fluorescent light inside flickered once—just a quick stutter—before settling into a steady, pale glow.

When the doors opened, sound spilled out into the hallway.

Voices overlapped, chairs scraped against the floor, someone laughed too loudly at a joke I couldn’t hear the punchline to. It was the end-of-day noise of an office emptying itself—people stretching, complaining, pretending they weren’t eager to leave. The reception area was lit in that familiar, soft corporate brightness, rows of ceiling lamps washing everything in the same tired shade of white.

As I stepped forward, the smell changed. Coffee—burnt and stale—mixed with printer ink and disinfectant. Paper. Heat. Human presence. It was comforting, in a way.

Then the noise stopped.

Not gradually. Not awkwardly. It just… cut out.

Every voice died at once, like someone had flipped a switch. I became aware of the faint electrical buzz above me, the subtle whine that sits just below hearing until the room goes quiet enough to notice it.  

All eyes were on me.

Tired expressions. Neutral. Heavy. No smiles. For a moment, no one spoke, and in that silence I noticed something else—the lights over the reception desk flickered. Not enough to draw attention. Just enough to make the shadows twitch.

Then someone cleared their throat, and the room breathed again.

Laughter resumed. Chairs scraped. The moment passed.

But as I walked further in, I had the strange sensation that the lights were brighter behind me than they were ahead—and that somewhere, just at the edge of my vision, something dark had blinked out of existence.

“Mr. Scarn?”

A man broke away from the reception desk and hurried toward me, his smile already fixed in place. He was close enough that I could smell his aftershave—sharp, chemical, barely masking the sour note of sweat beneath it.

“You came in early,” he said, placing a hand between my shoulder blades and steering me toward his office.

The door shut behind us with a soft, final click.

Without a word, he crossed the room and began pulling the blinds closed, one by one, careful and methodical, as if following a routine he’d practiced too many times. Each blind snapped into place with a dry plastic clatter, cutting the outside light into thin, useless strips. When he finished, he dropped into his chair and let out a long, rattling sigh.

That should have been my second red flag.

At the time, all I could think was that I’d done something wrong—that showing up early had somehow put me on the back foot before I’d even started.

We sat in silence.

The lights overhead were brutal. Not bright—*aggressive*. They washed the room in a hard white glare that made my eyes ache, like I was standing too close to a dentist’s lamp. I wondered, briefly, if bringing sunglasses would’ve been ridiculous.

The office was small. Pale green walls. A coat hanger stood behind the desk, empty except for a single plastic hook twisted slightly out of shape. The desk itself was cluttered with loose papers, stress balls, and cheap plastic toys—bright colors dulled by age and dust.

“Normally,” he said suddenly, “we do a presentation.”

His voice came out rushed, uneven, like he was trying to keep pace with his own thoughts.

“I like to put something together for new hires.” He rubbed his face with both hands. “This situation sucks. But we have to keep the show going.”

I nodded. I couldn’t seem to make my mouth work properly.

“The job’s simple,” he continued. “Once everyone’s gone, you input every sale made into the system. That’s it.”

Another nod.

He stood abruptly, crossed the room, and opened the door. He barked a name into the hallway—something clipped and sharp that didn’t quite register. Seconds later, someone answered. Their voices dropped into hushed tones, just low enough that I couldn’t make out the words. Then he stepped aside and gestured for the person to enter.

A young woman came in. Reddish hair pulled back tight. Pretty, but not striking. She smiled—polite, practiced—but it didn’t reach her eyes. There was something else there instead. Not fear. Not quite. More like resignation.

“This is our receptionist,” the man said. “She’ll explain everything you need to know.”

I stood and offered my hand. “I’m—”

“We know who you are,” she said gently, cutting me off as she took my hand. Her grip was cold.

“Ready to go?”

She didn’t wait for an answer.

Outside the office, the floor was quiet. Too quiet. The earlier noise—the laughter, the overlapping conversations—was completely gone. The lights hummed overhead, their glow pooling unevenly across the carpet. I glanced back once. The manager stood in the doorway, watching us, his face unreadable. He didn’t wave.

“This is Annex,” she said, stopping at a cubicle near the back. “You’ll be using this computer. It belongs to our HR rep. He’s away on jury duty.”

She hesitated, just for a moment.

“He won’t mind.”

“What happens when he comes back?” I asked, trying to sound casual.

She sighed instead of laughing.

The next few minutes blurred together as she showed me the system. It was clunky. Old. Too many steps, too many confirmations. The kind of software no one updates because no one wants to touch it. I didn’t care. As long as it paid.

She pointed out the break room. The restrooms. Emergency exits.

Then she was gone.

No goodbye. No “good luck.” Just the soft sound of her footsteps fading down the hall, followed by the click of a door somewhere far away.

I was alone.

The lights above my desk flickered once—just a blink—and for a split second, I thought I saw a dark spot move across the monitor’s reflection.

When I looked directly at it, there was nothing there.

I sat down and got to work, pulling the first sheet from the tall stack beside the monitor. The paper smelled faintly of toner and dust, warm from having sat too close to the printer all day. I had just started inputting the first line when the light directly above my desk flickered again, and once more that dark blemish crept along the edge of my vision. I turned, expecting—hoping—to catch it this time, but like before there was nothing there. Just empty cubicles and humming lights. I scrubbed my eyes hard, as if I could rinse the paranoia out of them. I’d never believed in ghosts or things that lurked in the dark, yet I couldn’t shake the sensation crawling up my spine, the certainty that I was being watched, that at any second a hand would settle on my shoulder. With a low grunt, I forced myself to refocus, and for a while I made decent progress, the steady clack of keys almost soothing.

Almost.

It happened again, but this time it wasn’t just the flicker. To my left came the unmistakable pop of a chair spring—the sound you hear when someone stands up after sitting for too long. My head snapped toward it, heart buzzing in my chest, fingers turning cold and numb. There was a chair there. Empty. Silent. Perfectly still. I let out a shaky sigh and forced a laugh, trying to trick my mind into calming down. It didn’t work. The feeling of eyes boring into the back of my neck only intensified, so sharp it bordered on pain, and I found I couldn’t go more than a few seconds without glancing over my shoulder. On one of those looks, the light flickered again, and I flinched so hard a hot, stinging pain shot up my back. This time, for a split second, I saw it—something standing a few meters away, upright and watching.

The legs of my chair scraped violently against the floor as I jumped to my feet, nearly toppling it over.

“Who’s there?” I shouted, my voice cracking despite my effort to steady it. “You’re freaking me out. Just—just stop it. I’m here to work.” The words sounded weak the moment they left my mouth, swallowed by the vast, empty office. The response came immediately. The light flickered again, and I stumbled backward. I didn’t see the shape this time, but a cold draft brushed across my face, carrying a faint, sour smell—stale air that hadn’t moved in a long time. The hairs on my neck prickled as my back hit the desk, the mouse clattering to the floor.

I scanned the area frantically, searching for anything—any sign that I wasn’t alone—but all I found was the same silent, unmoving space. “I’m being stupid,” I muttered. “There’s no one here. It’s just my head.” The moment the words escaped my lips, the flicker came again, sharper this time, and something shifted within the emptiness, not stepping forward, not retreating—just *adjusting*. That was enough. Whatever threshold I’d been clinging to shattered, and I bolted out of the Annex.

The instant I stepped onto the main floor, the lights went out.

Panic seized me, raw and immediate, and my breathing turned shallow and frantic. Somewhere in the darkness, footsteps echoed—heavy, deliberate, far too steady to belong to someone running. I scrambled toward the nearest wall, hands scraping blindly along it until my fingers closed around the familiar plastic of a switch. I flicked it. Nothing. I flicked it again, harder this time. One bulb sputtered back to life, flickering weakly like a failing heartbeat.

And there, caught in that sickly pool of light, stood the shape.

It was distant at first, indistinct, but with every flicker it drew closer—not walking, not gliding, just *nearer*, as if the darkness itself were rearranging to make room for it.

My body locked up as the heat drained from it, every muscle turning to stone. My thoughts unraveled, fraying apart as I tried to grab onto something—anything—that would make sense of what was happening. The light flickered again, and again the thing blinked closer. That was when it hit me. Whatever this was, it clung to the edge of the light, to that narrow boundary where shadows pooled and refused to die. Whenever the light steadied, it vanished. Whenever it faltered, it returned.

I reached for my phone with shaking hands, praying the light would hold long enough for me to turn on the flashlight. My fingers were numb, stiff, and twice I missed the pin as I fumbled at the screen. Panic scrambled my thoughts, and for a terrifying moment I couldn’t even remember how to toggle the damn thing. Another flicker came. Instinct took over. The flashlight burst to life, and I thrust it forward like a shield.

The shape vanished a meter from me, dissolving with a wet, irritated hiss that seemed to crawl straight into my ears. My breathing came apart, sharp and ragged, my heart lodged high in my throat, pounding so loudly I was sure it could hear it. Keeping the beam steady, I swept the room, searching for a way out, staying well clear of the flickering bulb. Somewhere deep down, I knew that was where it lived—in the hesitation between light and dark.

I moved through the office in a wide arc, back into the Annex, then the break room, flicking on every switch I passed, never lowering my phone. Lights began to stutter behind me, one after another, as if something were trailing my path. The pauses between flickers grew shorter, tighter, more frantic. It wasn’t stalking me anymore. It was chasing me.

I ran through the rec room, every step triggering another stutter of light. Each time the bulbs failed, I felt it closer—so close I could almost feel its breath ghost across the back of my neck. I didn’t stop. I didn’t look back. I tore past reception, down the hallway, down the stairs, and out into the street.

I didn’t stop running until I stood beneath a streetlamp, its light steady and unwavering. Sweat soaked my clothes, clinging to me like a second skin, every breath burning as it scraped down my throat. But I was free. Whatever that thing was, it hadn’t followed me.

I never contacted the company again. They never contacted me either, as if my disappearance had been expected. As if someone had already filled my seat. Life went on after that, though I stayed far away from night shifts and fluorescent lights whenever I could.

Everything was fine.

Until a few hours ago.

I was in my basement, digging through old boxes, when I turned on my phone’s flashlight.

And it began to flicker.
Title: I took a job digging a hole in the mountains. Now I can’t stop coughing up black dust. [Part 1 ]

I met Plato in a holding cell after the kind of night that ends with you face-down on pavement, explaining to a cop why you can't remember your own address. Public intoxication. My third arrest that month, not that anyone was counting except the landlord who'd already started the eviction paperwork. 

I was the special kind of broke where you start Googling things like "sell plasma near me" and actually click the links, reading about needle gauges and waiting periods like you're researching a doctoral thesis instead of admitting you're completely fucked.

Plato was older than me by maybe a decade, with graying dreads pulled back in a ponytail and the kind of steady, weathered calm that only comes from having survived worse nights than this one. 

We got to talking the way desperate men do in holding cells, swapping war stories about landlords and bills and job interviews that ghost you three days before rent's due. The usual soundtrack of American poverty. He listened more than he talked, nodding in the right places, and I must have looked as hollow as I felt because eventually he leaned in close and dropped his voice to barely a whisper.

"Saw a posting downtown yesterday. Construction crew. Deep country work, way up in the hills past  Thurberg. They're paying two hundred a day, cash, plus lodging. No drug tests, no background checks. You just need your own boots and gloves and a birth certificate to prove you're over eighteen."

Two hundred dollars. Per day.

I would've dug ditches in hell for that kind of money.

___

He fished a torn piece of receipt paper from his pocket and slid it across the bench. A phone number in blurred ink. "They're hiring fast. Like, suspiciously fast. But the money's real."

I called from the payphone outside the precinct the second they released me. A man answered on the second ring, his voice like stones grinding together in a riverbed. He didn't ask my name. Didn't ask for references or experience. Just two questions: "You got your own tools?" and "You over eighteen?"

I said yes to both.

"Motel 6 on Route 9. Room's paid for tonight. Be there by dark. Van leaves tomorrow at six AM sharp."

The line went dead.

I spent my last forty dollars on gas to get there. Rent money. Grocery money. Fuck it. When Plato got released an hour after me, I asked if he was going too. He looked at that scrap of paper in my hand for a long, calculating moment, then at me, then back at the number. Something unreadable passed across his face.

"Yeah," he finally said, exhaling slowly. "Yeah, man. Someone's gotta keep you from spending that per diem on a neck tattoo or some other stupid shit."

___

The office was a motel parking lot lit by flickering sodium lights and the neon glow of a vacancy sign that buzzed like a trapped wasp. Our foreman Buzz showed up twenty minutes late, looking nothing like any foreman I'd ever seen. Late twenties, arms sleeved in faded prison tattoos, wearing basketball shorts and flip-flops like he was headed to a backyard barbecue instead of a job site. He had a clipboard but didn't look at it. Didn't ask for our names or IDs or any kind of paperwork. Just handed each of us a motel room key and a sealed white envelope.

Inside mine: ten crisp twenty-dollar bills.

Two hundred dollars. Real money. Heavy in my hand. The doubt I'd been carrying since the phone call melted away like frost in morning sun. This was legitimate. Had to be.

"Van leaves at six AM," Buzz said, already walking away. 

I almost listened.

But my burner—some cracked-screen Android I’d lifted from a Walmart return bin—was the only thing I owned that still felt like mine. I’d been using it to type notes to myself ever since the eviction notices started sliding under the door like love letters from hell. Never posted them anywhere; just thumb-typed in the notes app when the panic got too loud, then locked the screen and pretended the words were safe inside. A private confession booth that ran on cheap electricity and desperation.

So I kept it. Tucked it in the inner pocket of my jacket with the screen against my ribs, airplane-mode and silent, pretending I was obeying orders.

Plato noticed. Of course he did.

“Solar panel folds up smaller than a road-map,” he murmured while we loaded the van, voice pitched low enough the others couldn’t hear. “Mono-crystalline, twenty-watt. I hang it over a pine bough, run a USB-C down to whatever needs juice. Keeps a phone alive forever if you’re careful with the brightness.”

I asked why he bothered.

“Because some stories need to out-live the teller,” he said, and wouldn’t explain.

That should’ve been red-flag number one.

There were eight of us crammed into a beat-up fifteen-passenger van the next morning, all men, all looking like they'd crawled out of the same desperate hole I had. Nobody talked much during the drive. We rolled north for over an hour, watching pavement turn to gravel turn to a rutted dirt road that wound up into thick green hills that seemed to close in around us like a fist. The air coming through the cracked windows got noticeably colder, smelling of wet earth and pine and something else underneath, something old and mineral and vaguely wrong in a way I couldn't name.

We finally stopped at what looked like an abandoned trailhead. No fence posts waiting. No lumber. No pallets of supplies or concrete mix or any of the shit you'd expect at a construction site.

Just trees and a trail disappearing into shadow.

"Everybody out," Buzz called. "Grab your tools. Site's about two miles in."

One of the crew, an older guy with a face like sun-dried leather and hands that'd seen forty years of hard labor, finally spoke up. "Hell of a hike for fence work."

Buzz didn't answer. Just started walking.

We followed because what else were we going to do? The per diem was already in my pocket, already spent in my head on rent and food and maybe a new pair of boots that didn't give me blisters. My Goodwill specials were already rubbing my heels raw. Plato stayed close to me during the hike, eyes constantly scanning the tree line, jaw tight. His whole body had gone tense and alert in a way I'd never seen before.

"Man, this is a long way for a fence," he muttered, more to himself than me.

When the old guy said it louder—"They told me we was putting up a barn"—and somebody else laughed that nervous, disbelieving laugh that means you know something's wrong but you're not ready to admit it yet, my stomach dropped like an elevator with cut cables.

Buzz kept walking. Didn't acknowledge the question. Didn't slow down.

Then we broke through the tree line into a clearing, and every thought in my head stopped dead.

The hole.

It wasn't a hole. Not really. It was a mouth carved into the mountain, a perfect dark rectangle maybe ten feet by twelve, punched straight down into the earth with edges too clean and too precise to be natural. No drill marks. No blast patterns. Just smooth walls descending into blackness like someone had taken a cookie cutter the size of a studio apartment and stamped it into the ground. A massive mound of fresh black dirt sat beside it, and I mean black—not brown, not clay-red, but the color of deep space, of places light never reaches.

A thick steel cable ran from a pulley system jerry-rigged between two pine trees, disappearing down into the dark. About six feet below the surface, a boulder the size of a compact car was wedged on a narrow ledge. Below that, a single aluminum extension ladder, the kind you buy at Home Depot for cleaning gutters extended down into nothing.

The air around it smelled wrong. Ozone and wet stone, sure, but underneath that was something else. Something stale and ancient that made the back of my throat itch and my teeth ache like I was chewing aluminum foil.

Nobody said shit for like ten seconds. Plato grabbed my arm so hard I figured I'd have his fingerprints branded into my skin, but I didn't flinch. Wouldn't give the hole the satisfaction.

"Look at the edges," he whispered, voice barely audible. "T. Look at those edges. That's not dug. That's cut. That's machined."

He was right. The walls were sheer. Smooth.straight up and down like someone used a giant cookie cutter, not like anything natural.

"And that ladder?" His voice cracked. "That's not for building something. That's for going down. We're not builders here, man. We're diggers. Or we're bait."

Buzz started barking orders about shifts and buckets and rotation schedules. Something about hauling dirt up from below, one man down filling buckets while two work the pulley system. I barely heard him. I was staring at the hole, and I swear on everything I've ever believed in, the hole was staring back. Not metaphorically. I could feel its attention on me like pressure behind my eyes.

They put us to work immediately. The system was brutally simple: climb down that rickety ladder, fill industrial buckets with whatever you find, clip them to the cable, signal the surface crew to haul them up. Rotate every hour so nobody gets too tired. Nobody explained what we were digging for. Nobody mentioned permits or geological surveys or any of the regulatory paperwork that's supposed to exist before you start tearing into a mountain.

The old guy from the van, Ray I think worked without complaining. Even cracked jokes about the weight of the dirt. "Heavy as my ex-wife's expectations," he said, and got a few exhausted laughs.

Plato didn't laugh. He kept staring at the tree line, at the edges of the clearing. That's when I noticed the old collapsed shack back in the woods, half-consumed by moss and rot. And on a nearby rock face, barely visible under decades of weathering, I saw symbols. Flaking white paint in sharp angles and spirals that seemed to shift when you looked at them directly, making my eyes water and my head pound.

___

That night they set up camp in the clearing; generator lights, a circle of tents around a fire pit, the whole nine yards of backcountry operation. It hadn't rained in weeks according to Buzz. The ground was cracked, dusty, dry as bone.

Plato and I were assigned to share a tent. He didn't talk much after we zipped ourselves in. Just sat with his arms wrapped around his knees, staring at the nylon wall like he could see through it to something beyond.

Finally, voice barely above a whisper: "We bounce the moment we got bus fare, man. Not when Buzz says we're done. The second we can split, we ghost. Middle of the night if we gotta."

I'd known Plato for less than forty-eight hours, but I'd never heard him sound like that. Scared. Actually scared.

"Yeah," I said. "I hear you."

They found Ray the next morning. His tent was flooded, about a foot of murky, ice-cold water sloshing around inside. He was face-down in it. Drowned.

The ground outside his tent was cracked and dry. Not a puddle within fifty feet. Not a trace of moisture anywhere except inside that one tent.

Buzz called it a freak accident. "Canteen must've leaked during the night. Got disoriented, maybe hit his head. These things happen on remote sites."

One of the older crew members, a guy with a gray beard who looked like he'd worked a thousand sketchy jobs just like this one, just shook his head. Not surprised. Not shocked. Resigned.

"Always something," he muttered to nobody in particular. "Bad air. Rockfall. Flooding in a drought. Mountain doesn't like being dug into."

The way he said it. Like this was normal. Like he'd seen it before.

I wanted to leave right then. Pack up, walk back down that trail, hitchhike to literally anywhere else. But I did the math - three days at two hundred a pop was six hundred bucks. Six hundred meant I could pay the back rent, hit the grocery store instead of the dollar menu, maybe even get that cracked tooth fixed before it killed me. Six hundred meant maybe I didn't have to suck dick for gas money this month.

The per diem felt heavy in my pocket. Heavier than paper and ink should feel.

That afternoon, while the crew was loading Ray's body into a tarp, Plato walked over to the rock face with the symbols. He studied them for a long time, reaching out like he might touch them, then jerking his hand back like he'd gotten shocked.

"You see it too?" I asked, trying to sound braver than I felt.

"It's not graffiti," he said quietly, not looking at me. "Graffiti says 'I was here.' This says 'you shouldn't be.'"

The symbols seemed to move when I looked at them too long. Spirals turning inward. Angles that didn't quite obey geometry.

I looked away. My head was pounding.

That night, Plato didn't sleep. He sat at the tent entrance with the flap partially unzipped, staring at the hole. It was maybe thirty yards away, just a rectangle of deeper darkness in the dark clearing.

But I could hear it breathing. I swear to God. A low, wet, rhythmic sound like lungs the size of houses slowly inflating and deflating.

"Plato," I whispered. "You hear that?"

He didn't answer for a long time. Then, voice hollow and distant: "We're not digging, T."

"What?"

"We're not digging. We're excavating. There's a difference."

"What the hell does that mean?"

He finally turned to look at me. His eyes were bloodshot, wide, reflecting the moonlight like an animal's.

"You dig to build something. You excavate to uncover something that's already there." He pointed at the hole. "That's not new. That's old. Ancient. And we're opening it."

I didn't sleep that night. Just lay there listening to that breathing sound that might have been wind through the trees or might have been something else entirely.

The per diem envelope was under my sleeping bag. Two hundred dollars. Blood money.

But it was the only money I had.

___

Plato didn’t sleep.

I woke up sometime in the blind hours and saw him cross-legged by the dead fire, phone angled toward a paperback he’d pulled from his pack. The pages were tissue-thin, gilt edges green in the screen-glow. He wasn’t reading; he was copying, thumb-typing line after line into a note he’d titled “For T.”

I whispered, “Homework?”

He didn’t look up. “Insurance.”

When he finished he Bluetooth-beamed the file to my burner, then shut his screen. 

William Blake, 1789. A chimney-sweeper’s song.

I read it twice. The sweepers are sold by their fathers, locked in black coffins, promised God will father them if they’re good boys. In the end the priests and kings who “make up a heaven of our misery” walk away whistling.

I asked Plato why he gave it to me.

“Just always keep it mind, T. Just keep it in mind”

___

*When my mother died I was very young,*

*And my father sold me while yet my tongue,*

*Could scarcely cry weep weep weep weep.*

___

[Masterlist](
Title: I worked 32 years as a midwife. This is the horrifying thing I ever experienced.

Ever since I was a little girl, I wanted to be a midwife. There was something magical about being there when new life came into the world. I loved everything about it. Not even the night shifts, rude patients, or distant fathers could ruin it for me. But everything changed the night a heavily pregnant woman walked into our delivery room. She had no ID and wore a worn tracksuit. She said her name was Greta. I still don't know if that was her real name.

She looked pale and underfed, with bloodshot eyes. Her cervix was already five centimeters dilated, so Emma, our doctor on duty, decided to admit her. Her vitals were normal. Over the next few hours, labor progressed and we induced delivery. Everything seemed fine at first. Then Greta's body seized up. Her eyes rolled back and thick veins bulged across her belly. I'd never seen anything like it and called for help. But by the time the senior doctor arrived, Greta had calmed down. Soon after, she gave birth to a healthy baby without any problems. We examined the baby right there in the delivery room. Then I went to the nurses' station to log everything in our system. When I came back, Greta and her baby were gone. We told the hospital administration, but since Greta seemed stable and the baby appeared fine, they did nothing. My warnings that something might be wrong were ignored. The hospital was already overwhelmed. They didn't need more problems.

A week later, Greta came back. Same time of night, same clothes. And she was pregnant again. At first I thought someone was playing a joke on me. But when I asked my coworkers about it, they acted like they had no idea what I was talking about. 
"She was here last week," I said. 
"You must have sent her home because she wasn't ready yet. Well, now she definitely is. Hook her up to the monitor," Emma said. 
"No. She already gave birth last week." Emma gave me a look that was half concerned, half amused. 
"Maybe you should stop working nights," she said, and got to work. 
Everything happened exactly like before. Greta seized up, her eyes rolled back, then suddenly stopped. At exactly 2:45 a.m., she gave birth without complications. Then she disappeared again.

This happened four more times over the next few weeks. She'd come in, seize up, give birth at 2:45 a.m., and vanish as quietly as she'd arrived. The fifth time, I noticed something on her belly. The veins formed a pattern. A circle with a square inside it. What did it mean? I couldn't stop thinking about it. So I decided to follow her next time. When she showed up again a week later, I told Emma I felt sick and needed to go home. She wasn't happy about it (the hospital was chronically short-staffed), but she let me go. I clocked out, went to the parking lot, and sat in my car where I could see her room. Right at 2:45 a.m., she had her baby. Through the window, I watched my coworkers examine the newborn, then leave the room. Moments later, Greta got up, took her baby, and walked out.

A few minutes later, she came out the main entrance and crossed the parking lot. I got out and followed at a distance. She'd just given birth but walked fast and steady, like it hadn't affected her at all. Sometimes new mothers bounce back quickly. But birth is exhausting. It's like running a nine-month marathon that ends with a triathlon. It takes a toll, no matter how fit you are. Greta crossed several streets and turned into the old industrial district. The streetlights barely worked, so I followed her through the shadows until she reached an old warehouse. She stopped at a heavy, rusted door. I hid behind a parked truck.

I peeked around the corner, but she was gone. Then suddenly she was behind me. I jumped and hit my head on the truck's cab. 
"They're waiting for you," she said. 
"Who?" 
She didn't answer. She just walked back to the warehouse. The door opened and she went inside.

I knew I shouldn't follow her. But I couldn't help myself. The open door pulled at me like a magnet. My fear melted away and turned into something else. Whatever was inside that warehouse, it was meant for me. I belonged there. I'd never been so sure of anything in my life. It was time. They were waiting.

Inside, the warehouse was filled with fog. It smelled like my childhood. Like the lilies my mother grew, sunscreen, and barbecue. Something moved in the fog. Large tentacles glowing neon green came toward me. As they got closer, the colors grew brighter and the smell grew stronger. One tentacle touched me. I saw the pattern on its tip: a circle with a square in the center. And suddenly I understood everything. It was like the knowledge just appeared in my mind. They didn't have to explain. The information was simply there, like something I'd always known but forgotten.

They came to our planet. Not to attack us, but to hide. They're being hunted. Their species is being wiped out. Only a few survive. Those survivors fled to Earth. Here, they want to start over, but hidden inside human bodies. They're disguising their DNA as human because humans are protected. Unlike most species in the galaxy, humans can't be touched. Earth can't be invaded. Destroying humanity would throw the entire galactic system out of balance. So they found a way to use that protection for themselves. And I'm part of it. I always have been.

Suddenly everything went white. Blinding light. My head throbbed. I tried to scream but nothing came out. The pain spread through my whole body. For a moment, I felt like I was breaking apart. Like a crab thrown into boiling water.

When the light faded, I was standing in a hallway. I recognized it. It was our delivery ward. I looked down.

I was pregnant.

"Can I help you?" someone said behind me. 
It was Emma. But she didn't recognize me. She looked concerned. 
"Come with me." 
She touched my arm gently and led me 

into an exam room.

"What's your name?"

I didn't answer right away. Then I said: [Greta](
Title: An Account from the Sole Survivor of Crick Cave (Part 2)

[(Part 1)](

Dan and I fought about who would rappel down first, but it was his gear, so I let him win. I always hated rappelling into darkness anyway, even more so not knowing for certain the rope was long enough. Rappelling off the end of the rope has been the end for so many climbers and spelunkers before me. Dan slipped into his harness and jumped into the abyss. 

The sounds of his wooing and yewing should have been annoying, but it brought a morale boost over the rest of the group, even if it was just to smile and roll our eyes at each other and make a few laughs at Dan’s expense. We saw his headlamp become smaller and smaller until he slipped behind the rocks, and it became difficult to safely watch his descent. Then the rope pulled 3 times and he called up. Michael went next, and then Chelse. I went last.

As I hooked up my ATC to the rope and began descending into the darkness, my friends looked like ants beneath me. Dan began singing, which echoed around me in a magical way that raised the hair on the back of my neck. 

Taken by the mood, I turned my headlamp off and embraced the darkness for a second. Dan saw this and cheered before beginning to sing again.

Bliss coursed through me. This was my dream fully realized. So few people accomplish what they set out to do. I had achieved greatness. My name would be in magazines. Interviewers would be knocking at my door. Maybe I’d get a sponsorship and finally quit my dead end day job. Either way, those descending after us would know our names, and the halls of this cave would be forever marked with our presence, and that’s what mattered most to me.

I turned my headlamp back on as I reached the floor. The cave opened up to a shocking scale. The walls were lined with quartz which refracted the light from our headlamps beautifully and all the colors of the rainbow danced around us. Michael put his arm around me and joyfully muttered something a bit more emotional than I was used to hearing from him. I knew Chelse long enough to know she had her excitement caged. Like she wanted it to come out and join in resonance with the rest of us, but kept herself guarded. We hadn’t left yet. There were still ever-present dangers that she could not quite let go of. 

“It’s like the fucking Halls of Moria in here!” Dan exclaimed and we all laughed. The cave split off in a few directions, but one direction called to me, so we began to head that way. One day we’d have to map the entire thing, but that was for future excursions. Right now, this was about pure, unadulterated adventure. 

But something felt off about the cave as we went deeper. Scar marks on the wall looked like they could be natural, but something about them felt like they were made by digging. There weren’t the signs of human litter that can be found in even the deepest parts of mines, but we couldn’t shake the feeling that this was not entirely naturally formed.

The cave got smaller and smaller. Standing turned to crouching. Then we were crawling. It never quite narrowed to levels of what we had just gone through, but it was enough to be uncomfortable. Chelse was the first to vote to turn back, and while I wanted to continue on, I trusted her judgment and agreed. 

This was our victory lap, there would be time to explore narrow tunnels later. The cave rumbled again, a bit stronger than before. We thought it was just an aftershock. It felt good to stand again, but we walked for several minutes, and it never opened further than just enough to avoid hitting our heads on the ceiling. None of this made any sense. We had just been this way, and the distance we walked should have left us back at our rope by now.

We walked for a while before anyone was willing to admit that we were well and truly lost. We must have backed out into another cave system. We turned around to go back the way we came again, but it never narrowed. The tunnel spread out impossibly in both directions.

After an hour of walking, morale was falling and even Dan’s jokes had slowed. Most of our gear and water was still back at the main hole, and I was getting thirsty. We began to take turns with our headlamps on to conserve battery. If they all died, any hope of escaping would be lost. Panic set in my stomach, and I felt like I was about to vomit, but I knew better than to let it show, to let the fear win. Small mistakes made under duress are the most common ways cavers die. We had to stay calm and move forward into the deep places where the light won't go. 

We walked until the second out of our four headlamps blinked off. Things were getting dire. Seeing the worry on Michael’s face was the hardest part. It’s like seeing your dad cry. You know deep down he’s a human just like you, but you also know that if he’s letting his emotion show, something has gone seriously wrong. 

Dan tried to cheer us up with immature jokes, but no one laughed at those, even in the best of times. Chelse just stared forward, almost unblinking. It was as if she believed that if she just wanted it enough, a door would form into the rocky walls, and she could walk through it and be home again. But she was never leaving this place, and I think a part of her knew that even then. 

When the third headlamp flickered off, it felt too early. Either time was passing quicker down here, or something was draining the battery. Either way, when it sputtered out, we weren’t left in complete darkness. There was a dull white light emanating from an opening in the cave that hadn’t been there before. Our feet ached from walking, and the idea of running seemed to be a monumental task before now, but once Michael took off towards the light, we all followed after him.

I crested the corner to see Michael silhouetted by a blinding light coming from the end of a long cave. We covered our faces and walked towards it, desperately hoping that we found a way out. Dan made a joke about how they typically recommend you don’t go into the light at the end of the tunnel. That actually brought some much-needed levity, even if only briefly. 

The tunnel ended in a nearly perfect sphere carved out of the rock, and in the middle of it was a floating orb of light. It was impossible to look at it longer than a second, or it burned your retinas like the noon day sun. It radiated a soft heat like a heated blanket swaddling you on a cold winter night. 

We all looked at each other, unsure what to make of this discovery. Michael offered that it might be a species of bioluminescent cave moss. Dan said it was definitely a UFO. I was speechless. Chelse began to cry. She said we needed to leave now, that she was getting a really bad feeling about all this. 

Then Dan decided to go into another one of his poorly-timed bits. “Oh great orb of beautiful light. We have been sent by our planet to talk to you, to learn from you! Teach us all you know!”

“Shut the *fuck* up, Dan!” I screamed at him, seeing the pain that this was putting Chelse through. Dan didn’t even acknowledge me and continued his monologue through childish giggles. 

“Now that we have made contact, I have some questions for you.” The ball of light almost imperceptibly brightened in response. It was as if Dan had gotten its attention. “I will ask my question, and you will answer them, for I command thee!”

Dan looked back as if he was an actor in a play, requesting his next line. I scowled at him. He continued on. 

“Answer this question, great sphere… How do we get out of this place?” Suddenly Dan froze completely, all his muscles tightened, and he stood completely straight. Then the same happened to Michael. I looked over at Chelse as if she could offer any explanation, but then her eyes rolled behind her head and her hair shot out as if she was being electrocuted. Her muscles all tensed up, and she stood before me, almost floating above the cave floor, blood trickling out of her eyes and flowing from her nose. Then everything went white.

I saw myself die through my eyes, like watching a movie projected directly into my retinas, only I felt every movement be made for me involuntarily. My muscles tensing up, my chest rising and falling, the pain, the thoughts racing through my head; they were not my own, at least not yet. 

When I regained consciousness, I was laying on the floor and my head was killing me. Michael had turned his headlamp on just long enough to reveal the others rubbing their heads and wiping the crusted blood from their face. He turned it off to conserve the battery of our last headlamp, and we were thrust into darkness again.

“Did I just die?” Chelse said. We all swapped stories of what the light revealed to us. They were all visions of our own deaths. Dan saw his rope snap before he fell to the bottom of the cave, and lived long enough to feel every bone in his body break as it hit the floor. Michael felt every painful inch of stalactite crash through his helmet, giving only a slight delay before it cracked through his skull, killing him on impact. Chelse saw herself twisted and contorted into inhuman shapes in the narrow parts of a cave. She breathed out, and the rocky wall replaced where her chest once was, not allowing her to take a breath back in. She suffocated as her body fought to expand the lungs, but just couldn’t do it.

When it came my turn to share my story, all I could mutter was, “we’re all going to die in this cave, aren't we?” We sat in the pitch black darkness for a while. Faceless sobs ebbed and flowed from different directions as we all came to terms with our own mortality. We all knew the risks we took climbing into that cave. We all knew that people died doing what we did. But, when you’re faced with the real thing, death no longer feels like just the cost of doing business. I wondered if that’s how so many others felt, facing their final moments in caves just like this one. But there were no caves just like this one.

Finally, Michael stood up and turned on the headlamp. My eyes had been attempting to adjust to pitch black darkness for so long, that this dim source of light shone like the sun, and reminded me too soon of that orb. 

The perfect sphere cut into the rock was still there, but the orb was gone. Michael sauntered forward wordlessly for a few steps back down the cave before muttering how he won’t die of starvation sitting around in this cave. We all followed him, but no one spoke. Dan’s jokes were omnipresent when you were with him. Sometimes you just wished that dude would learn to shut up, but the absence of these jokes felt uncanny at that moment. 

Suddenly, the cave began to feel oddly familiar. The repeating patterns on the wall weren’t noticeably different, but they felt like we knew them. The scar marks were absent, and the cave looked organic again. Then it began to narrow, just as it did when we found our way into this mess. We crawled on our hands and knees and felt a collective sense of relief wash over us. 

The mind plays tricks on you in the deep. We all have experienced strange sensations. Flashes of light. Hearing voices. These were an expected side effect of being in a cave for too long. You learned to ignore them. Could this have been a collective hallucination? Some weird joke our brains had played on us? Were we just lost and hungry and dehydrated and imagined that light? Maybe we had all fallen asleep and dreamed up the worst case scenario. Maybe those visions were just our deep seeded nightmares, our brains’ shining a light on the things that scared us the most. I still try and tell myself that to this day, even though I know it’s not true.

The cave continued to tighten around us. We were now crawling on our stomachs. It narrowed to points where it felt impossible to continue on. It must have been reaching the upper limit of what the human body could take. I wondered if we were giving Chelse’s record a run for its money. But just when we thought we couldn’t make it, it began widening quickly. We once again were able to crawl on our hands and knees to carry forward. Michael was the first to notice the headlamp’s light catching our rope hanging in the distance. The exit was so close. We were going to make it out of here, but when Michael shined his light back at Dan and me, we realized Chelse was missing. 

I grabbed the last working headlamp and scrambled back into the narrow tunnel behind me, screaming for Chelse to respond, but my cries fell on deaf ears. The cave began rumbling again, this time I could see the rocks constricting around me, shifting like the walls of a labyrinth. 

It was no longer possible to safely continue, but I forced myself anyway. I pushed forward until the upper limit of my flexibility had hit a wall and my left arm dislocated. The pain shot through my body and I screamed as I felt the tendons being pulled as tight as piano wire, but it gave me that little bit of room that I needed to see Chelse staring back at me, her face frozen in pain. What I could see of her body was just as she described in her vision. Contorted impossibly, as if the walls had changed their size and shape and stretched her out. I tried to grab her, but she was beyond the point of saving. Her eyes moved to look at me before all the muscles in her face relaxed. Chelse was dead.

I crawled back out with tears streaming down my face. When I finally made it back, they asked where Chelse was, but I couldn’t respond through the violent sobbing and hyperventilating. That told them everything they needed to know. I set my arm into its socket with a pop, a click, and a scream that was less about the physical pain and more about the emotional trauma of seeing someone I loved so much die in such a brutal manner. Once I regained my composure enough to move, we carried forward. 

The cave opened up, and we were able to stand again. We ran towards the rope with reckless abandon. Then we heard a rumble, followed by a loud crack, and then an explosive crash. Dan and I turned around to find Michael standing, impaled through his head by a small stalactite no longer than my arm. Blood squirted from the hole in his helmet in spurts. He looked at us wide-eyed and panicked. His mouth moved, trying to talk, but his brain could no longer send the right signals. Blood began to flow down his head in sheets, and he collapsed to the ground in front of us. Dan propped his lifeless body up and pulled out the pointed rock as if it would do anything to save him, but he wasn’t thinking. He was grieving. He held Michael in his arms, and I held Dan in mine, and we both cried.

We had to get out of here, now. I began to rig my ascender to the rope, but Dan didn’t move. Then it hit me that Dan foresaw his death on that rope. “Listen, Dan. We’re getting out of here, I promise you that. This rope can survive a force of 18 kilonewtons. You could hang an elephant on it, and it wouldn’t snap. Forget what you saw, we need to at least try.”

Dan said nothing, just shook his head. His eyes glazed over with the kind of terror you only see in movies, or maybe it was the hopelessness of someone who knows they are about to die. 

I outlined my hastily made plan to him. “Here’s what I’m going to do: I’m going to ascend this rope with the headlamp, and I’m going to inspect every inch of it. If there’s any point on it that even looks like it will snap, I will yell down to you to stay there, and I’ll bring back help. If it looks good and holds my weight, I will lower the headlamp back down to you and you will ascend. Got it?” Dan stared forward at nothing. “Got it?!” I repeated with urgency. He nodded solemnly

I ascended the rope at an extremely deliberate and careful pace. I inspected every strand in that rope. It was new, and top of the line, like everything Dan purchased. He only used the best, tried and true gear. Human error has caused problems, but Dan’s gear had never failed us in any way on our countless previous expeditions. I reached the top and scrambled onto that twin bed sized ledge. 

The light from my headlamp lingered on the way out. Horrible thoughts flooded my mind of me taking the last source of light and leaving Dan to die in the darkness alone, but I shook them off. I tied the headlamp to the rope and lowered it down to Dan. For a while, the headlamp didn’t move, and I began to wonder if he had finally snapped. The brain can only take so much stress before it just breaks. But then I saw the light move, and the rope tightened as it bore weight. 

I kept peeking dangerously over the edge to see his progress. He was taking so long, but he was making his way up the rope. When he was close enough for me to see his face, it was totally devoid of emotion. For the first time, I actually believe he would survive this. That what we saw in that cave was just some fucked up coincidence. That we would be traumatized, but at least we would be alive. Then the cave rumbled violently again, and the rope snapped.

The rope burst under the weight of Dan, and his echoing scream reverberated through the walls before ending in a final splat. I subconsciously timed the fall in my head, this was something I had done hundreds of times without thinking about it. It was something every caver knew how to do. Dan was screaming for ten full seconds. If my math was correct, the fall was consistent with a 600-foot drop. I tried not to think of the gory details he shared after the orb of light showed him how he’d die, or how he had to experience it twice.

Dan was wearing the last headlamp. I was thrust into total darkness, standing alone on a ledge no larger than a twin sized bed that sloped downward into the abyss. I felt around as carefully as I possibly could for the opening in the cave that would lead me away from this place. One wrong step and I would meet my final moments with Dan and Michael and Chelse at the bottom of this cave. I had to escape, for them. For me. 

Then I found it. I crawled out slowly and painfully. My body was running on pure adrenaline. Part of me didn’t believe that I would ever see the sun again, but then I saw the light emanating from the end of the long tunnel. I emerged out of the hole broken and battered. It was midday, and the nearby trail had become crowded with hikers, who watched in stunned silence as I limped my way to them and collapsed.

My next memory was waking in a hospital bed, surrounded by worried family and friends. The hardest part was telling their family’s that I had survived, but the others didn’t.

Our misadventure brought the fame and fortune I so desperately thought I wanted. Not the kind that gets you recognized on the street, but the kind that a few people might look twice at you, jogging their brain for why you look familiar to them, before ultimately moving on. 

Gear brands did come with their sponsorship offers, but I turned them all down. I could never enter another cave again. Interviews just reopened the wounds, so I stopped giving them. I became paradoxically agoraphobic. I can’t stand open spaces or bright lights anymore, and I only feel safe leaving my house for short grocery runs by the cover of night. 

No one recovered the bodies as it was deemed too risky. They sealed the mouth of the cave. No one will ever enter Crick Cave again, and that might be the closest thing to a happy ending you’ll get in this story.

The news cycled moved on, and now the story is mostly forgotten. Tragedies in the wilderness happen all the time. I’ve heard that local high school students share some folklore distortion of what happened to scare each other on late nights by a fire. The occasional YouTube video will pop up now and then to retell the story, but they never get the details correct. How could they? I've never shared the real story with anyone. 

I was told by doctors that I wasn’t just lucky to escape that cave alive, but that I was also lucky that the hospital visit and subsequent tests caught the tumor early. They told me my chances of survival were strong and that technology had come a long way, but I knew my fate long before the diagnosis.

I haven’t responded well to any of the treatments. My health has declined, and I’m now dying in a hospital bed. Facing my own mortality, I feel compelled to share my story, to warn people of the things slumbering in the dark. I know most won’t believe me, but if one person stays out of a cave because I wrote this, it will be worth it. 

There’s one last confession I have to make before I die. It’s not the survivor’s guilt alone that plagues my nightmares. I never told the others what that odd ball of light showed me. Everyone saw their final moments inside that cave, but I didn’t see blood, or darkness, or walls of rock. I saw fluorescent lights, a hospital bed, and an IV in my arm. I also saw a painting hanging on the wall of a lighthouse with waves crashing around it. The same painting is hanging in the hospital room to my left as I write this. I knew the whole time that I was going to make it out of there. That something else would be my downfall. I knew the others would die, and I said nothing. I acted purely out of self-interest, making sure that I would survive. That isn’t who I am. Those actions didn’t feel entirely my own. But maybe that’s just what I tell myself to feel better about what happened. 

Still, I can’t help but wonder why the cave let me leave that day, while it took the lives of everyone else. Sometimes I get this strange feeling that I never escaped that cave, or that perhaps a part of it escaped with me. 

That this tumor in my brain isn’t cancer. 

That the fear of the sun isn’t my own.

That I am just a vessel waiting to rupture.

I hope that whatever it is dies with me, but there’s a quiet voice in the back of my head that assures me that isn’t true.
Title: I run a small bed and breakfast in rural Maine. I hope you’re never a guest. [Part 3]

Click here to view all chapters. and a life that would end like any other.

But if Charles could speak to me, I was not entirely human.

I did not cook him breakfast, for Charlie could not eat food. His sharp teeth served no purpose. Instead, I looked at newspaper articles, at old photos of myself in younger years. I scoured my memories and brought forth old wounds with fresh pain that made my heart race and my eyes water and I sat at the dining room table and waited.

He arrived exactly on time with a smile on his face as he took me in. I was no longer afraid of him, because I knew what he was. I exhaled, I relaxed my posture, I waited.

“The Cottage is a crossroads,” he told me quietly, his voice deep and melodic and now, calming. “I know this because I have followed pain here before, I have dined in the shadows of your guests at past and future locations. I have heard their words as they ruminate on choices that some were unaware they needed to make. Until they came here.”

Charlie looked at me, his shifting face tightened with concentration as he tried and failed to slow the changing number of eyes. I could see them hang on to two - to normal - a second longer, but still, they changed. I reached over to where he sat and grabbed one of his too-many hands and squeezed, urging him to continue. Promising him that I wasn’t scared.

“I don’t know pain, not exactly. I know desire - I know what it is to be hungry and thirsty and tired and weak. I have experienced these things. I have experienced something adjacent to pain, perhaps regret, when I see a particularly cruel situation. I wish to truly feel pain. I wish to know love and humanity. I wish to speak to humans, to ease their pain with words as well as consuming their darkness. I wish to see them lighten after they encounter me. I wish to not be in the shadows.”

He did not move his hand. The hand felt so human under mine, soft and warm and solid. “Pain is a human experience. Even hybrids or semi-humans or former humans have known it, and to know pain is to have a soul and have humanity. I have no soul. I have no humanity. I did not exist, and then I did, exactly as you see me now. I have not changed. Except I have, because I have witnessed so much pain and damage and destruction without experiencing even a shred of it. I have changed because being cursed to hide within the same shadows I thirst for is a weight I wish I did not need to bear.”

He sighed and closed his shifting eyes and breathed deeply for well over a minute.

“I cannot answer your question,” I whispered, the honesty a stone in my throat. “There isn’t a way for you to become human. There is no way for you to acquire a soul. Your purpose is exactly what you are, and by ceasing to do it you would cease to exist.”

I looked down at his hand, at the part of him that was solid and that I was touching and that did not change. “But you don’t have to stop. I have another idea.”

——

I did not have an answer for Charlie that day. He wanted to know how to become human, how to gain a soul, but gaining a soul is not a possibility for a being like him.

We learn the food chain in grade school, about how plants eat nutrients in the earth and small animals eat plants and bigger animals eat those small animals. What we don’t learn is about the creatures on the periphery who still contribute to the recycling of nutrients in a way we could never comprehend.

They contribute by eating pain and drinking fear. The little they consume is so minute that you might miss it if you weren’t already inspecting within. Their lack of a soul allows them to consume and consume without the burden of experience, and they perform this with very little complaint.

Sometimes, monsters who look like monsters and sound like monsters are indeed monsters. However, sometimes they are closer to a human than some humans are, even if only in their desire to change the world for the better.

If you are in pain, if you are suffering, if you are experiencing fear and misery, you might catch a glimpse of a man with too many arms and too much height and terrible sharp teeth. You might see him in the shadows, or in the mirror, or in your nightmares. You might learn to associate him with your pain and your fear, and you might begin to think him the monster who is causing it.

Charlie the fear-eater lives in the attic of The Cottage now, allowing my guests their privacy while still consuming portions of their pain. Sometimes, if I have no guest, he will come downstairs and sit with me, sometimes in silence. Sometimes he speaks with me, and he asks me to affirm if he is helping, and he asks me if I still think he possesses more humanity than some humans.

Charlie is my friend, and as long as he stays the way he is as I met him, I will always tell him yes.
Title: The House I Squatted In Never Existed (Part Two)

Part One while I grabbed a still-too-warm bottle of Coors. She squealed down the hallway and I followed her with a laugh. But I froze at the doorway.

It was gone.

That door was *gone.* It was just a wall. A normal, beige wall.

I swear my heart stopped.

My hand, shaky and uncertain, reached and touched the wall. The cold still lingered, but it was just a wall. Just a fucking wall. 

My other hand gripped the bottle too tightly. My eyes couldn’t leave the wall. The door was there, I saw it, I felt it, how the hell did it just disappear? 

“Your room’s on this side, stupid.” I jumped at Maddie’s voice and turned to her. “Jesus, you’re jumpy.” I forced out a laugh and cleared my throat.

“Like I said, not much sleep.” Her face dropped for a moment as her hand reached for my arm. 

“Talk to me.” She cooed quietly. “What’s going on?”

“Nothing.” I said quickly. “Just…need to relax.” A sweet smile curved onto her lips, and she gave me another small kiss. 

“Come on. We’ll relax, promise.” 

We curled up in bed and watched Mean Girls. Well, she watched it. I watched half of it until I fell asleep in her arms. 

I dreamed of the door.

Just me and the door. I stared at it for what felt like hours. My breath was visible in front of me, and my entire body was covered in goosebumps. I felt nothing but fear. My heart raced, and my breath was frantic. 

I couldn’t move. I felt frozen. 

The door opened. 

There was a void inside the doorway—nothing but black. 

But I could feel it. I could feel someone, *something* watching me. I wanted to run. All I wanted to do was run, like I had all my life.

My eyes darted open. The lights were off, and I was alone. My hands instinctively reached for Maddie, but they came up empty. I groaned and sat up, only to feel a piece of paper attatched to my shirt. I pulled it off and grabbed my phone, using the flashlight to light up the paper. My eyes strained to read the words hurriedly written in her lipstick.

*Had to run, Dad called. I’ll be back tomorrow, I promise. Make sure you get enough sleep, okay? I worry about you. See you later, loser. - Maddie*

I couldn’t help but smile as my eyes scanned the page. I put the note down and reached for the bottle I left on the floor. It was empty. I sighed and swung my legs over the side of the bed, and forced myself to the lightswitch. The lights took a moment to flick on, and when they did, I felt a sense of relief and terror.

It was back.

The door stood opposite of the doorway I was in, and it had changed more. The color was now a crisp white, and the cold got worse. The knob was frosted, and ice had frozen over the frame of it. I shivered. My feet forced themselves to take a few careful steps towards the anomaly. My shivering grew more intense. It laughed again. 

“It was your fault!” A cold voice called behind the door. My breath hitched, and I stepped back. The voice sounded familiar, but I couldn’t place it. I didn’t want to place it. My heart pounded in my chest. The knob turned slightly. 

I ran.

I ran into the living room and switched the lights on. My breaths were ragged and heavy as I stared down the hall. I knew that voice, how the hell did I know that voice? 

The lights shut off.

“Shit.” I mumbled and fished my phone out of my pocket. I flicked on the flashlight and screamed. I fell on my ass and my phone hit the floor. It landed face down and lit up the center of the room. It lit up what startled me.

There was a woman in front of me. She faced away from me, her brunette hair cascaded down her back. Her dress was dark blue and full of holes and rips. She stood perfectly still. Eerily still.

“H-hello?” I breathed out shakily. No answer. My eyes darted around the room and found another body stood behind me. It was a man, his hair was buzzed off, and the suit that adorned him was also nearly ripped to shreds. “What the fuck?” I whispered and stood on wobbly legs. I grabbed my phone and threw the light around the room. 

More bodies. Frozen in time. Faced against the walls and corners of the room. “Who the fuck are you?” I screamed at all of them as I spun in place. It seemed like they were multiplying. I felt my breathing quicken, it felt like the space was getting tighter and tighter. My heart was going a mile a minute. 

Then I stopped. 

Right in front of me stood a woman in a ruined wedding dress. She faced me. She was the only one.

She was my mother.

“Laura?” I asked skeptically. Her expression was blank. Her eyes were black and emotionless. Against my better judgment, I stepped forward, “M-mom? What are you doing here?” I asked quietly.

“Why, Kris?” Her voice echoed in the room. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. 

“What?”

“It was your fault.” Her black eyes darted to me. “It was always your god damn fault!” She took a step towards me. I felt stuck in place as she closed the distance between us. “Nothing but a little fuck up. Since the day you were born-”

“Stop-” She grabbed my face in her hand. Her hands were so cold, her fingers burned on my skin. I watched as a black tear rolled down her cheek.

“Your father did a good thing, dying before he could see what a piece of shit you’d become.”

“Shut up!” I screamed and found the strength to push her off. She didn’t stumble, just simply floated backwards and kept her gaze on me. I felt tears sting in my eyes. Every person in the room turned to face me. I held my breath. It felt as though I was waiting for the dream to be over.

“Hell is your own creation.” They all spoke in unison, their voices all blending into a choir of accusations. “Face it before it consumes you.” I looked back to my mother—or whatever the hell was wearing my mother’s skin—and she spoke again.

“He’d be so disappointed in you.” 

Light filled the room again.

They were all gone.

I fell to my knees. I couldn’t even begin to think about what the hell just happened.

All I had the capacity to do, was cry.
Title: In my town, Santa comes on Halloween, not Christmas. He doesn't bring presents.

I live in a strange town. Over here, traditions don't work normally. We don't go trick or treating on Halloween. Neither do we get presents on Christmas. We do have a Santa though, a real one. He comes on Halloween. You do not want to meet him.

I moved to this town - my mother's hometown, six months ago. After the divorce, I needed help with Astrid, and Mom offered us her guest house. She said it would be good for us. A fresh start.

The town is small. Nordic. The kind of place where everyone knows everyone and the forests press in close on all sides.

Mom taught me the rules within the first week.

*Never enter the woods behind the eastern properties.*

*Never go to the peak of any mountain after noon.*

*Never whistle after dark in November.*

*Never leave your shoes pointing toward the door on October nights.*

*Never question why.*

I laughed the first time she listed them. She didn't laugh back.

"These aren't suggestions," she said. "People die when they don't follow the rules."

The most important rule, the one she made me memorize: Do not end up on the Naughty List.

I thought she was joking. Some local superstition to scare kids. 

Then she showed me the church records. Names posted every November 1st. One per year, going back generations. I recognized some of the surnames, their families still in town.

"What happened to them?" I asked.

"They didn't follow the rules," she said, and wouldn't say more.

Then something happened in August.

Mom offered to watch Astrid while I drove to the city for a job interview. Astrid was six, well-behaved, and my mother insisted.

She called me three hours later, sobbing.

"I lost her. She ran into the woods and I couldn't catch her. My knees—"

I was still forty minutes away. I told her to call someone, anyone. She said no one would go into the eastern woods. Not for any reason.

I broke every speed limit getting back. I went straight into the trees, screaming Astrid's name until my throat bled.

I found her an hour later, sitting by the old stone markers deep in the forest. The ones covered in symbols that aren't quite crosses.

She was humming. Playing with pinecones. Completely fine.

"Astrid!" I grabbed her. "You know better than to run off!"

"But Grandma said there were berries here. She said I should go pick them for dinner."

I looked back at the tree line. My mother was standing there, watching us. Her face was pale but she wasn't crying anymore.

"I'm so sorry," she said when we came out. "I couldn't stop her."

I was too angry to think clearly. Too relieved. I took Astrid home and didn't speak to my mother for a week.

I didn't tell anyone what happened.

Three weeks ago, I received a letter.

Cream-colored paper, no postage. My surname written in handwriting that looked ancient and mechanical. Inside, one line:

**You have been counted.**

I showed it to my mother. Her hands started shaking.

"Who else knows about this?"

"No one. What does it mean?"

She wouldn't look at me. "It means you need to prepare."

"For what?"

She left without answering.

The town changed after that. Neighbors crossed to the other street when they saw me. The grocer wouldn't touch my money. When I asked why, she just shook her head and turned away.

Astrid asked why no one talked to us anymore.

I didn't have an answer.

Four days ago, the church bells started ringing at the wrong hours. Seven bells at dawn. Seven at dusk.

Yesterday, I found symbols carved into my front door. The same symbols from the stones. When I tried to sand them away, my hands bled.

Last night, Astrid said she heard sleigh bells outside her window.

It's October 30th now.

This morning I tried to leave town. Packed the car, drove. Twenty minutes later I was passing the same tree over and over. The town wouldn't let me leave. 

I had to turn back.

I went to Pastor Iversen. He was cleaning the church steps.

"Please," I said. "Tell me what's happening. Tell me what the letter means."

He looked at me for a long moment. "Your daughter crossed the stones?"

"Yes, but—"

"Then she's been marked. Tomorrow night, Santa comes for the marked."

"How do I stop it?"

"You don't." He started to go inside.

"Wait! The Naughty List, when does it go up?"

"November 1st. Outside the church door. After he's already collected." He paused. "It's not a warning. It's a record."

The door closed.

I drove to my mother's house. She was sitting at her kitchen table, hands folded, waiting.

"You knew," I said. "You sent her into those woods on purpose."

She didn't deny it.

"Someone has to cross the stones every year," she said. "It's how the contract works. One marked child, or he takes whoever he wants. Entire families at times"

"You used your own granddaughter—"

"I did what everyone here does. That's how we survive. You were new. You didn't understand. That made it easier."

"Made WHAT easier?"

She looked at me like I was stupid. "Choosing who to send."

I left. Came home shaking. Found old records in my attic - newspapers, obituaries, church documents going back decades.

Every name on the List had been seen near the stones in the months before Halloween. Every single one had parents who were new to town. Outsiders. People who didn't understand the game.

The stones don't mark children by accident. They mark the ones who are sent there.

It's almost sundown now.

I can hear the bells.

I'm not locking the doors. I'm not hiding.

I'm going to face him.

\-------

The bells are coming from the woods.

I see him moving between the trees. Tall. Wrong. His limbs are too long, joints bending at angles that make my eyes hurt. The red he wears moves like something alive, pulsing. It has not been dyed red, I can tell blood has colored it crimson. His face is smooth and white as porcelain, no features except two black holes where eyes should be. They aren't simply empty, but hollow, like tunnels going back and back forever into nothing.

I step outside. "You can't have her!"

He stops. Tilts his head. That hollow gaze finds me.

He takes a step forward.

I run back inside. Grab Astrid from her room.

"Mommy, what's wrong?"

The front door explodes inward. His footsteps make the house rattle.

I run out the back with Astrid in my arms. Into the woods. I don't care about the rules anymore.

Behind us, footsteps. Slow. Patient. The bells never stop ringing.

I run until my lungs are screaming. Until Astrid is sobbing. Until—

I stop.

We're at the stones.

I've been running in circles. The woods led me back.

The footsteps stop behind me.

I turn.

He's standing there. Three meters tall. The red pulses. His smooth face doesn't need light for it to be seen. He glows from within. His mouth doesn't move when he speaks.

"The marked one." His voice is wind through dead trees.

"Please," I whisper. "Take me instead."

Those hollow eyes bore into me. "You were not marked."

"Then mark me now!"

"It does not work that way."

He reaches for Astrid.

I pull her behind me. "I won't let you!"

He stops. Tilts his head again, like I've confused him.

"You misunderstand," he says.

He gestures behind me.

I turn.

My mother is standing at the stones. I didn't hear her approach. She's holding something: a knife.

"Mom?"

She doesn't look at me. She's looking at Astrid.

"I'm sorry," my mother says. "But it's time."

"Time for what?"

Santa speaks. "The contract requires a sacrifice. One child, one name, marked at the stones, delivered by blood."

I stare at my mother. At the knife.

"No," I breathe. "No, you can't—"

"I can," my mother says. "I have to. That's the contract. The stones mark them. The family delivers them."

"You're her GRANDMOTHER—"

"And this is how we survive." She takes a step toward Astrid. "Every year, someone has to do this. Better me than someone who'd make her suffer."

Santa is watching. Waiting.

I grab Astrid and run, but there's nowhere to go. The woods are a cage. Every direction leads back to the stones.

My mother follows slowly. She doesn't need to rush.

"Why are you doing this?" I scream.

"Because it's my turn," she says. "The grandmothers always do it. We mark the children, we send them to the stones, and we deliver them when he comes. That's the system."

"What happens if you don't?"

She stops. Looks at me with something cold in her eyes.

"Then I go instead."

I understand now. The letter was for her, not me. **"You have been counted"** meant she'd been selected to perform the delivery. And if she doesn't give Santa what he came for, he takes her.

This isn't about tradition or survival.

It's about cowardice.

"I won't let you touch her," I say.

My mother's face hardens. "Then I'll go through you first."

She lunges.

I shove Astrid behind me. My mother's knife slashes my arm. I grab her wrist. We struggle.

Behind us, Santa watches. Silent. Patient.

"Please," I beg. "She's your granddaughter—"

"She's a NAME!" my mother screams. "She's a name on a list and I will NOT die for her!"

She's stronger than she looks. She wrenches free. Raises the knife —

I tackle her.

We hit the ground hard. The knife skitters away.

I see it then, in my mother's eyes. Not love. Not even hatred.

Just fear.

Desperate, animal fear.

She claws at my face. "He'll take me if I don't give her to him—"

"Then let him take you!"

My hands find the knife.

My mother's eyes go wide.

"Wait—"

I drive it into her chest.

She gasps. Blood spreads across her shirt, dark, almost black in the fading light.

Santa steps forward.

"A sacrifice has been made," he says.

He reaches down. Not toward Astrid.

Toward my mother.

She tries to crawl away. "No—no, it was supposed to be the girl—the marked one—"

"The marked one," Santa says, "is the one brought to the stones in blood."

He lifts my mother effortlessly. She screams.

"The contract does not specify which blood. All I need is a name and blood." he says.

He turns toward the forest. My mother is thrashing, screaming my name, begging me to help her.

I hold Astrid close and watch them disappear into the trees.

The bells fade.

The forest is quiet.

On the ground, where my mother fell, I see something. A piece of paper, fallen from her pocket.

I pick it up.

It's a name, written in rust-colored ink.

*Astrid J.*

My mother wrote it. She was going to place it at the stones before she killed my daughter. That's how the system works. The grandmothers write the names. They mark the children. They deliver them.

But I stopped her.

I saved Astrid.

We walk home through the dark forest. Astrid is quiet, in shock. I'll need to explain this someday. I'll need to tell her what her grandmother tried to do.

Tomorrow, the church will post a name on November 1st.

It won't be Astrid's.

We're safe now.

I unlocked the door. We go inside.

Astrid goes to her room. I collapse on the couch, shaking with adrenaline and relief.

It's over.

We survived.

I close my eyes.

When I open them, it's morning.

November 1st.

I walk to the church. A small crowd has gathered at the steps.

The List is posted.

One name, written in rust-colored ink:

*Astrid J.*

No.

I stare at it. My vision blurs.

I stopped her. I killed my mother. I saved—

Then it hits me.

The paper in my mother's pocket. The name she'd written.

*"Astrid J."*

The contract requires a name written in blood AND a delivery at the stones.

My mother wrote the name.

I delivered a body to the stones.

But I never wrote my mother's name.

Santa's last words ring in my ears, "All I need is a name and blood."

The sacrifice that counts is the one whose name is written.

I scream and run back home. Through the door.

"Astrid!"

Silence.

Her room is empty. Her dolls are on the floor. The window is open.

"ASTRID!"

I tear through the house. Check every room. Every closet. Under every bed.

She's gone.

I run outside. Into the woods. Straight to the stones.

"ASTRID! BABY, WHERE ARE YOU?"

The clearing is empty.

Just the stones. The symbols. The silence.

I fall to my knees.

"Please," I whisper. "Please bring her back."

Nothing.

I sob. Claw at the ground. Scream until my throat tears.

Then I see it.

At the base of the largest stone, there's something that wasn't there before.

A box. Wrapped in red paper. Tied with white ribbon. A *present*

Santa has never given anyone a present.

My hands shake as I pick it up.

It's light. Almost empty.

I tear off the wrapping.

Inside is a piece of paper.

I stare at it. Mind numb. Eyes watering.

I flip the paper. Behind it, a note.

"On Christmas, we shall exchange presents. Or I keep mine"

In the distance, I can hear bells ringing. The wind blows through these cursed woods. It sounds like three words.

*Ho ho ho*
Title: She took all of Them

The forest has always scared me. Despite living next to it my entire life, it never grew on me. When my brother dragged me into the woods to play, I always drug my feet. My eyes always played tricks on me, making me see figures peeking out from the trees. I stared at them now with narrowed eyes. In the daylight they looked like trees, nothing malignant about them.

“Mom, Vanessa’s staring out the window again.” My little brother looks at me like I’m crazy. My mother has started to turn a deaf ear to my worries. She tells me a sixteen year old shouldn’t be worrying about things like that. Dad never even pretended to listen. He only rolled his eyes and then checked out of the conversation. Just Vanessa being Vanessa they said. 

Sighing, my mom walked behind me, her disappointed face reflected in the glass. “Vanessa please, can we not today?” I shook my head. The trees stood still staring back at me. Ever since that college kid had killed himself in the woods, I had been on edge. Muttering my mom threw her hands up in the air and walked off. “Just let her do her thing Jason, she’ll get over it.”

“Like with her boyfriend?” he said. I turned then.

“Shut up twerp, wait until some girl stomps all over your heart. Don’t come crying back to me then.” Jason just stuck his tongue and ran. Mom dipped her head around the corner and shot me a glare. “What?” I snap. It comes off a little meaner than it needs to. 

“Watch that tone missy, or I’ll stick you out there myself.” I rolled my eyes. As if she would. I turned back to the window. I felt like I was being watched. Part of me thought I might catch someone or something peeking from around one of the trees.

Dinner is good, but I find myself looking through the window. Dad points at me with his fork, ligotti impaled on the tines. 

“Again?” he asks. I ignore his jab, the feeling of being watched is back. I don’t understand how the others don’t feel it. Maybe I’m just going crazy. Mom nods, as she takes a sip of her ice tea. 

“She’s been looking through it all afternoon.” That was untrue, but I wasn’t going to argue the point. Dad let out as he set down his fork.

“Vanessa honey, this is getting ridiculous don’t you think. What happened with that guy was a once in a lifetime thing.” He taps a hand on the table. The words are on his mouth and I brace myself for them. “I’m gonna need you to stop being so scared of the woods honey. Might be time to check in with Dr.Halloway.” I grit my teeth. Then Jason would open his big fat mouth again, and tell his friend. He would tell his sister. Who would tell her boyfriend and her friends and so on. The telephone cord extending from person to person. I would be a pariah again. My friendships were fragile enough as it was. This would sink them I was sure of it.

“Ok dad.” I say it quietly, staring down at my plate. The feeling doesn’t leave.

It lingers as I wash the dishes. The sun sets and the gloom only deepens, the shadows stretching longer and longer, onto our lawn. Only once I’m locked in my room does the feeling leave. I leave my curtains closed just in case. The knocking jolts me awake. It’s a steady sound. A light thunk, thunk against a window. My eyes slowly look to my window. Whoever it is, isn’t outside my window. Somewhere down the hall, a person mutters. A door creaks open, and heavy footsteps start to pad down the hall. The knocking moves.  

“I’m coming.” my dad mutters. His tone is annoyed. There is another voice. This one is distinctly feminine. What was my mom doing? Taking off my blankets, I march out of my room, despite my brain telling me not to. The cold floor sends a shudder through my body. None of the lights are on in the house. Moonlight gleams in through the windows. Dad is walking into the living room towards a glass screen door that hasn’t been opened since the snow fell. “Just wait a moment.” he mumbles under his breath. I flick on a light before he grabs the handle. He freezes and his head snaps up. “What the hell?” He looks at me with sleepy eyes. 

“Gerald, what are you doing?” My mom stands in her house robe, black hair a frizzy [mess.Dad]( looks back at the door confused. 

“Don’t know, just had a weird dream.” My dad has never slept walk in his life. The base of my neck prickles, and I look out the kitchen window. There’s something behind one of the trees. I blink and it's gone. Only the vague impression of some figure is left in my mind. The feeling of being watched disappears with it as Mom leads my Dad back to bed.

The next day I stand in the backyard. My fingers are still cold in my gloves. The pom-pom on my toque rustles in the wind, not helping with the seriousness of what I’m about to do. The snow lays still on the lawn undisturbed. The crunching makes my teeth hurt as I slowly walk across it, up to the trees that border our lawn. Dad never bothered building a fence, wandering animals didn’t bug him apparently. The thought of some intruder striding out of the trees and into the house was also apparently too ridiculous for him to consider.

The trees look less menacing in the day light. White poplars with black spots covering them like a dalmatian. Snow and ice clings to their branches. Sunlight shines down between them, revealing nothing more than deadfall, and more trees. Feeling slightly more emboldened I step past a tree, scanning the trees for any sign of movement. I’m not sure what I’m expecting to find, but I feel a little more at ease. My parents were right, I was just seeing things. Dad sleepwalking was just an odd coincidence. It’s as I turn back that I see it. Right behind one of the trees, are two footprints. 

They aren’t contained to a pair of boots. I can see the toe imprints. Sprinting out of the trees, I ran back into the house locking the door behind me. My parents glance at me as I barge in, breathing heavily. I can’t even form words, as my mom rushes to my side.

“What’s the matter honey, breathe in, just like we practiced, come on.” the old habit kicks in. Slowly I take some deep breaths, the tightening feeling around my chest dissipates. 

“There was someone in the woods.” I manage. Dad mutters under his breath.

“Jesus Christ not this again.” 

“I’m not lying!” I scream. “There was someone there I saw the footprints, they didn’t have shoes!” My body trembles, as I plead with my father. “Just go and look please.” Sighing he gets up from his chair and grumbles over. We walk out to the spot in silence, but I stop short only pointing at the tree. He grumbles and looks behind it.

“Vanessa, this isn’t funny.” he motions me over. I walk forward in a daze. He must have the wrong tree, there was no way to miss them. “There’s nothing here.” he looks at me concerned now. Judging from it I can tell that I’m about to see my therapist very soon. He leads me back gently whispering in my ear. The rest of the day passed in a daze as my mind raced. The image of the footprints burned into my mind. I hadn’t imagined them. Conversation is quiet and awkward. None of my parent’s attempts get me to talk. Whatever is out there is going to get my family, I’m sure of it. Last night I heard my mom’s voice. Does that mean it can mimic to lure them out, or welcome itself in? It wants my family, and I don’t know why.

I lay awake in my bed, the fatigue making my eyes droopy. I can’t afford to fall asleep. I’m convinced whatever is out there is going to lure us one by one out of the house. It’s around midnight when I’m proven right. This time it's both of them. I don't wait this time. Flinging open my door I watch as they march side by side, eyes closed. Running into the kitchen I turn on the lights. This does nothing, they keep moving like nothing happened. 

“Wake up!” I scream. Still nothing. “Wake up you two! Please!” My wild screams do nothing to deter them, as they split from one another, walking around the kitchen table, only to march side by side again as they approach the glass door. “Dad, mom please wake up!” The forest is dark and gloomy, the light beating back the dark. The eyes are the first thing I notice.

The figure is tall, she’s at least seven feet tall. Her hair is snow white, the skin matching. Pale blue veins can be seen under it. She wears a long dark robe, but even from where I stand I can see her feet are bare. A long hand with sharp nails scratches the bark of a tree. The other beckons with a single finger. I scream a loud shrill cry that fills the room. My brother cries in the background, and then hands are grabbing me as the figure slinks into the darkness.

“What’s going on?” my mother looks at me with wild eyes. Dad grabs my little brother from around the shoulders ushering him back down to his room. His glances over his shoulder once, eyes full of concern. “Vanessa what are you doing?” she hisses. I look up at her confused. What is she talking about? She wraps her arms around me. I don’t even know what to say to her. “Monday we’re going to see Dr.Halloway honey. We’ll get this sorted. Can’t have you walking off into the snow.” The statement is insane. She leads me back to my room, and tucks me in like I’m an eight year old. Pulling up the blankets to my chin she curls next to me, and sleep eventually takes me.

As the hours pass by on Sunday, a dread creeps into my body. She’ll be back tonight, and this time my little brother will join my parents. I look at Jason, as he eats a bowl of frosted flakes. He looks down at his bowl stirring the soggy flakes around. I have no idea how to prepare. The tall woman is something beyond this world. The only thing I understand is that she can’t come into the house. All I can do is try to wake them up tonight. There was no way I would be able to sneak out of the house. My parents watch me warily from the livingroom, the tv quieter than it has ever been.

I sat in silence for the entire day, sleeping at certain points. When night fell, I noticed it took my parents longer to fall asleep. When it was eleven they finally shut off the tv before going back to bed. I laid awake in my bed for another excruciating hour. When I could finally hear their breaths I snuck out of my room. Every move I made was slow, and careful. The first thing I did was look at the glass sliding door. My heart leapt into my throat. She was already there. A wide grin split her face, teeth as white as her hair. Slowly she raised her hand and started beckoning. Something deep down told me I didn’t have much time. Yanking open a drawer I grabbed a boxful of tacks. I’d worry about them yelling at me later, all I needed them to do was wake up. Lining them up against the screen door I kept an eye on the woman, determined not to let her unnerve me. 

Grabbing a length of rope I had with me, I tied it to the end of the hallway. The woman stood still only her long finger moved. Beckoning. The windows and doors were next. I tacked the front door and bolted it shut. The house was still silent, whatever spell the woman was working on my family would be in effect soon. Why it didn’t work on me I didn’t know why. I didn't have the time to think about it. I only had a few tacks left, and I tried to divide them in front of my parents and brother’s doors. They all started to shuffle suddenly. Running back to the kitchen I flung all the lights on, and then dug some pots and pans out of the cupboards. It was stupid, something straight out of Home Alone, but I didn’t know what else to do.

I glared out the window at the grinning woman, as the doors to my parents and brother’s room opened at the same time. The first set of tacks did nothing. I immediately started banging the pots and pans together. I screamed and yelled, and they still advanced, eyes closed shut. My dad trips right over the rope, and lands on his nose, a sickening crunch follows it. My mother trips over him, but scrambles back up. Slamming my pots and pans together does nothing. Jason steps over my dad, and turns for the front door. My father slowly rises to his feet and marches towards the glass door. 

I’m stuck between the two groups. I move a foot in the direction of my brother, before my mom pushes right by me. I grab onto her arm trying to drag her down, and I’m thrown to the ground for my efforts. I hear the door unlock, such a soft simple sound. Then it creaks open and I watch my brother disappear around the corner of the house. A horrible laugh comes from the woman. It mocks me as I cling to my mother’s angle shrieking. She steps onto the tacks, and for a brief second she jolts before ripping open the glass door. 

Cold air rushes in, and I lose her just as quickly. Nothing I did even remotely worked. My father shoves by me, I try with all my might to stop him. Swinging my frying pan, I crack it off his skull. It makes a horrible thud, and I can see the blood trickling down his forehead. He stops for a second. Then he rears back his fist.

I never felt the punch, but I do feel the throb in my head as I pick myself off the floor. The sun has risen, and cold air rushes in. I’m numb, shaking and shuddering on the floor. Footprints march across the snow and into the woods. Putting my head in between my legs I weep.
Title: The blinking sky

When I try to explain it, I have to wonder if I am being stalked, or just going crazy. I have never had a hallucination before, but my experience has me now believing in things I used to scoff at.

 
This all started last October during my drive through northern Connecticut. I was returning home from visiting my brother who had been dealing with some relationship troubles. My visit had dragged on longer than I intended, and by the time I was on the road it was almost midnight. I had a seven-hour drive that would take me meandering through the scenic country side.

 
I had been traversing passed old towns for about an hour when a deep fog rolled in. This was not unusual for this time of year so I didn’t initially think much of it. I slowed my car down to a safer speed; about 30 mph. the thickness of the fog was demanding on my eyesight, forcing me to lean forward in my seat as I attempted to peer through the obscured ambiance. At last I began to see more than just the dispersed water, but my heart dropped. Through the canopy of mist I saw the tree trunks, they were gnarled and twisted in an inexplicable manner. Like an A.I tried to render a scene of nature but phoned it in halfway through. 
 
I shook my head violently attempting to convince myself that I must be getting tired, but the trees became no less surreal The changing of the sky arrested my bewilderment and forcefully exchanged it with shock. Below the shimmering black rays of sunlight; which began to part the fog beneath them; a being floated. It was majestic and uncanny. Humanoid in appearance, yet monstrous in its aura. Its proportions were off in a way that tingled the parts of the brain responsible for both disgust and admiration. 
 
I pulled over as my car engine began to sputter and go silent. My heart was pounding as I got out. I don’t know entirely why I did. Part of me was stricken with fear over seeing more of that being, but that same part of me had more fear of not seeing it fully. 
 
The entire forest grew silent. The fog was now almost entirely gone. The only evidence of its evanescent presence being the humidity that clung to my cars window. I looked up in the sky where the being should have been. What I saw buckled me to my knees. 
 
It was a giant circular shape. The formation of the shape was slightly bent giving it an eye like appearance. Inside the ring of floating steel was an “eye” of vapor. I then understood what happened to the mist…and the sound. A vacuum was gently pulling the noise toward it, and beckoning my soul to behold it.

 
I remember whispering “What the hell…” under my breath, but the words fluttered noiselessly from my lips as they were fished through the air but this floating structure. 
 
Immediately after the noise started. This was not a return of the noise that I should have been hearing, but a new noise being born from this magnificent machine. A deep, reverberant hum that rippled through the ground. It traversed through my shoes, and my spine violently. It was so low that I felt it more than I heard it. The trees reacted to its utterance, their leaves shaking off their branches from the unrelenting vibration. 
 
The ”eye” in the sky began to rotate slowly accelerating in  speed. Suddenly beams of light brimmed from it cascading beyond me, until they returned and bent around the structure supernaturally. This symphony of luminance blinded my vision. When my eyesight returned I saw the beams shifting in their patterns, creating living shapes. Like long forgotten symbols of antiquity crawling about the air. 
 
I stumbled backward and tripped on the berm of the road as my heart began pounding thunderously. I scrambled to get back into my car as I became more coherent of the danger I was in. I started slamming my car as I attempted to start it. Had the vacuum not been pilfering the sound I think I would have gone deaf from my car horn with how hard I was slamming it. 
 
Finally the car started…but I was NOT in control The colors of the light on my dashboard began to warble and form similar shapes to those in the air. 
 
I began shaking in fear and frustration as I felt my entire world was glitching. 

I then heard a whisper, that both soothed and terrified me.

It wasn’t in my ears. It was inside my skull, like someone had spoken directly into my soul. A single, fragmented word: “found”

 
The slamming on my steering wheel ceased as I was gripped by fear. The hum around me turned into a rhythmic thudding, like a creature was taking enormous footsteps somewhere deep within the earth. 
 
The eye above me constricted, and all the beams of light reseeded into it in a sharp snap. In a brazen flash the being returned. It slithered out of the eye in a chaotic yet majestic cadence. It began to lower itself to the ground as if it was dangling from invisible threads. 
 
It was tall, far too tall to be of this earth. Its arms were the length of its standing body, It’s fingers were gnarled in their shape, but smooth in their glossy complexion. What fascinated me most…was the face it lacked. Where this body feature “should” have been was displayed only a featureless oval that reflected white light like wet clay. 
 
I could feel all the organs in my body began to pulse in rhythm with the thudding as I realized it was beckoning to me. With all my might I shook off the pull of its alure and slammed my foot down on the gas. To my amazement my car began accelerating. Frantically I made the most ugly u-turn of my life as I began careening down the road in the opposite direction I had arrived. 
 
My cars radio turned on and began blaring in angry refusal as I created distance between myself and the entity. Only there was no melody of music from the radio. It was a cacophony of sounds too irreverent of earthly origin to describe. They wailed and thralled in my ears so viciously I had to wonder if it was actually from my radio….or from the growing madness of my own mind. 
 
The trees of the forest began to assist the protest of my escape as the bent inward toward the road as I passed them. Some snapped viscously as they proceeded to ooze out a black dark fluid. A fluid, that matched the luxurious sheen of that being. 

The pedal beneath my foot must have been carving into the floor of my car. However to my relief I could see the hellish scene behind me grow smaller in my rear view mirror. 
 
The sound around me didn’t properly return for another fifteen miles. I could no longer see the being, the eye, or any misshapen trees…but I was being followed. I could FEEL it. 
 
The radio had long since returned to normal, broadcasting the rock station I generally listened to. Despite this return to normal, I was shaking. My nerves were a wreck and I was desperately trying to process what I had seen, and why….despite being so shaken by it….I wanted to see it again.

For days afterward I tried to persuade myself that nothing had happened. That it was all either from sleep deprivation or being spooked by the dark. Any rationalization sounded better than admitting it could have been something vast, intelligent, and looking for me.

 
I Had almost fooled myself into this façade of security, but a week later that faith was shaken. As I was walking my dog, something I do most nights before going to bed; I was wrestling with a sense of melancholy I couldn't quite put into words. My reflection was shuttered when I noticed white clouds swirling above my house in a circular pattern. They created a shape eerily similar to the “eye”. 
 
Then…it blinked! I was buckled to my knees again as I heard a loud: “Found you” from deep inside my soul 
 
I don’t think it was an eye in the sky. It was something looking through it. It was that being. It knows where I live. Yet this time….I don’t know if I will run.
Title: Garden Joe: Redneck Wizard - 3/4

Part 1

When the two of them vanished Joe resented himself for it. He took a lot of the blame from the family. He accused the Blackthorpes of using the children’s friendship to lure Leanne, and then kidnapped her and used her for some nefarious, satanic purpose (“Probably to give Boy his powers, now that I think about it a little.”) The old generational feud restarted suddenly and violently, with the two sides accusing each other of taking the children. Eventually some of the Blackthorpes snuck onto the Greenhill property and set the house afire, and even though they were able to put it out before it took the whole structure, Joe’s grandfather had “burned up and died in the very house he was born in.” 

Joe, by his own admission, fell into a pattern of self-destruction; drinking, fighting, fucking whomever. Eventually, he sobered up long enough to join the military, deployed to Afghanistan, and acted like an even “bigger fuckin’ fool” over there. “I thought the discipline of a soldier’s life would bring out the best in me—like my ancestors—but it only intensified all my flaws.” He would do stupid stuff like rush into danger, leave people behind, get himself into precarious positions with the enemy. “Though I didn’t know it at the time, it was like I was tryin’ to atone for something.”

One day his Humvee hit an IED and flipped, the thing rolling on top of his arm and crushing it, and that was that.

While he still doesn’t know how he got his powers for sure, he speculated that he experienced so much trauma and spent so much time being destructive that he finally gained the ability to *create.* It was like God had personally come down from heaven and thanked him for his service. And what did he do with this beautiful gift? “I tried to make money off it, used it to impress women, and turned most of it into moonshine.”

I stood there, listening to him tell this story, making connections in my head. At last he turned around and addressed me directly. “I’m a fuck-up, professor. Always have been and *could have* always been. But I got a chance here now to figure out Boy’s powers and use them to right some of those wrongs in my life. This child can *alter reality itself!* You understand what I can fix with that ability? I’ve just got to get him to talk, tell me his secrets!”

I cleared my throat, wiped the tears that had formed at the corners of my eyes. “I can’t help you, Joe. I can’t help and I think you should let him go. You’re sister is—”

“Then get the fuck off my property.” He didn’t raise his voice, but the venom in his words was obvious. I left him there, still sat in front of Boy, and went outside onto the grass, lighting up a cigarette, staring up at that old house. Maybe I could go find Timothy, convince him to talk Joe out of it. I coughed, spitting out some phlegm, and wandered around behind the house.

About a dozen headstones were laid in the grass here, raw blocks of stone with hand-made inscriptions in them. There were well cared for, with grass that had been recently trimmed and the inscriptions on the oldest ones were still mostly legible. I crouched by one of the oldest looking ones, reading off its names and dates:  *“Albert James Greenhill, 1780-1813, Soldier and Father.”* This man had died right after he came back from the War of 1812. Another headstone:  *“Theodore H. Greenhill, 1921-1948”*. Likely another young soldier, dead shortly after the end of World War II.

I went to the newest looking one, no need to crouch to read it. It was bigger than the rest, and professionally done:  *“Marigold Greenhill, 1963-2003, Mother, Sister, Daughter. Taken suddenly and far too soon”*. 

It should be obvious by now that Joe wasn’t alone in how he dealt with problems. There’s a self-destructive gene in the Greenhill DNA, a predisposition to blame oneself for the bad things that happen to the people they care about. Likely the only thing keeping Joe alive post-sister and post-military was the weird magical ability he didn’t fully understand, like it gave him a new purpose in life, a chance to make things a little better for his family.

I sucked back the last of the cigarette, filling my lungs with tar. It was getting easier to smoke these things. I didn’t want to discard it on the graveyard though, so I went to the edge of the property where the ravine was, and tossed it down there. It was deep, its walls too steep for trees to find purchase, and a small stream of water gurgled at the bottom. I wondered if it was the same stream I heard gurgling at the Blackthorpe property. Seems these two families were linked by more than just a blood feud.

You know, a lot of people have the wrong impression about the field of anthropology. They think it’s all digging up Native burial sites and excavating ancient skeletons. But I’ve only dug up one skeleton before, a child’s. In ancient times children sometimes vanished without a trace, usually because they slipped away into the woods or drowned in a shallow river. And if the forest was thick enough their tribes would never find their bodies, so they would create myths and legends to explain the disappearance: witches stealing children to bake into their pies, trickster spirits leading them off the trail, faeries laying claim to their souls and dragging them to the fae realm. It was a coping mechanism, a way to explain away their disappearance that didn’t place blame on anyone in the tribe. It allowed them to grieve the loss of a child without a body. 

I took a deep breath and stepped over the side of the ravine, grasping a tree root to lower myself down. I jammed the toes of my Oxfords into the soft side of the wall, finding a little purchase there. It was a slow process, climbing all the way down to the bottom, and one false move would have been the end of me. But I splashed down into the stream feet-first, a little scratched up from the brambles and rocks, but ultimately okay. My shoes filled with water and soaked my socks. I ached from the effort of the climb; years of academia had turned my once-fit body into a flabby shell of itself. 

My cigarette butt wasn’t the only piece of trash down here, the Greenhills having evidently used it as a dumping ground for years. I moved past the trash heaps, following the ravine down-stream. The sun was blotted out by the trees that grew overhead, their canopy stretching from either side of the ravine to cover the sky. It was dark down here, and quiet aside from the sound of water over pebbles. 

It was the kind of place two children might play if they didn’t want to be caught by their families. 

I scanned the banks, looking for I-don’t-know-what. I reached for another cig and stopped myself. It felt wrong to do something so dirty in a place as pristine as this. Even if this forest wasn’t as ancient as it appeared because Joe had grown it out with his magic, it still *felt* ancient.

I was far enough down-stream from the garbage that when a piece of cloth caught my eye I immediately went to it. Here the stream was still shallow, but it had widened out into a field of pebbles and mini-streams, with pools where water collected during dry periods. My footing was unsure with all the loose rocks, and I was careful not to stumble and fall. If you fell knocked yourself out it would be easy enough to drown in water as shallow as this.

I went to the cloth, faded from years of exposure to the elements, but not yet fully deteriorated. It may have been blue at one point in time, and I think it was polyester. It was wrapped around something.

Like I said, I have only uncovered one child’s skeleton before this, but I’ll never forget the little skull and tiny bones, so small and light, like a bird’s. It’s rare to find something fully intact, and that was no different here. The pale, faded polyester cloth was wrapped around a child’s ribcage, spine and skull. The limbs were gone, long since torn off and dragged away by the wildlife. 

Leanne had been here for some time.

We can only speculate on what happened, but my best guess is that some kind of accident happened to the children while they were playing down here. Maybe Leanne stumbled and tripped, hitting her head on the rocks and falling face down into the stream. Maybe Tobias pushed her. Unable to help his friend, he had rushed home and either couldn’t vocalize what had happened or was too scared to. Tobias had fallen into the same trap Joe had: he blamed himself for Leanne’s death. That self-blame had manifested in terrible ways for him, his connection to whatever mystical forces swirled around this place matching Joe’s. His guilt would keep him short and stunted, altering him into an ugly, diminutive form of a child that could never grow up. And it would twist his face into something horrific too, either intentionally or unintentionally castigating himself with his new magic. Noah still blamed Joe for Tobias’ disfigurements and his strange powers, but I would say no one was to blame for what he had done to himself—not even Tobias.

They had just been kids, after all.

Boy had a different name now, but he was still that kid.

I was cutting through the last of the thick brush near the Greenhill property—attempting to find an easier way back than scaling a ravine wall—when the first of the screams rang out. 

It sounded like Timothy.
Title: I Moved to a New School in Saudi Arabia. My Name is the Reason Everyone is Terrified of Me

I’m Raghad. We recently moved back to my father’s hometown to settle down with his family. I was genuinely excited for a fresh start, a new school, and new friends. But the moment my teacher announced my name to the class, the atmosphere shifted.

The girls didn’t just look at me; they looked through me, their eyes filled with a deep, silent fear. It was as if my name was a forbidden word they hadn't heard in years. I sat down, feeling like an outsider in a room full of secrets. Only one girl was brave enough to talk to me, which made me feel a bit safer, but even during recess, I could feel dozens of eyes tracking my every move. My heart couldn't find peace.

During our activity period, a girl approached me. She pulled me to a quiet corner and whispered words that made my blood run cold:

"Do you want to know why they are all avoiding you? Eleven years ago, there was another girl here named Raghad. Her life ended right here in a tragedy so dark, no one dares to speak of it. They say she never truly left... that she still wanders these halls at night. Everyone has seen her."

I stood there, frozen. I went back to my friend, my face pale as a ghost. She asked if I was okay, but I couldn't find the words to explain. I tried to ignore it, but the feeling of being watched only grew.

By the last period on Thursday, a teacher—who always seemed to look at me with unexplained resentment—sent me to the old storage room to fetch some supplies. The room was dark and cramped. As I climbed a box to reach a high shelf, the entire unit gave way. Everything went black.

When I finally woke up, my body was aching. I struggled to my feet and pushed the heavy door open, only to be met with a terrifying reality. The school was deserted. It was 8:00 PM. The halls were swallowed by an intense, suffocating darkness.

The girl’s warning echoed in my mind: Raghad comes out at night.

I was terrified. Why hadn't my family come looking for me? The school was far from home, but surely they noticed I was missing? I started to cry, praying for a way out. I ran to the principal's office and miraculously found a key left in the teachers' room. Inside the office, I searched frantically until I found an old mobile phone in a box. It only had 7% battery.

I called the police, and thankfully, they picked up. Even they were confused about why no one had reported me missing. While I waited for them to arrive, just as I was about to step toward the exit, I saw something that shattered my mind.

In the flicking shadows of the corridor, a figure appeared for a split second before vanishing. It was a dark silhouette, a head with no features... no eyes, no mouth, just a void. It was the exact shape they had described to me. It was her.

I am safe now, but I can't stop thinking about it. Did that teacher intentionally leave me there? And how could my own family completely forget I existed for those hours? I feel like the nightmare hasn't truly ended.
Title: My aunt Olive

When I was little, my parents would sometimes take me to visit my grandmother. I would complain there and back as her house was deep in the sticks with no television or much of anything to do. My grandmother herself would spend most of our visits sleeping, and my parents informed me that she wasn’t all right in the head nowadays. I tried to spend most of our visits exploring the woods surrounding the house, and I was allowed to as long as I agreed to not wonder further than where I could see the house.

One day, my parents had to run some errands in town so left me at my grandmother’s house, despite my protests. I was given my grandmother’s permission to wonder the woods as I usually did, and I took to gathering pieces of wood. What I was planning to do with them I can’t tell you, it was easily the least impactful part of what ended up occurring that day. I ran out of pieces of wood to collect within the area I’d been permitted. I looked behind me and could see the house disappearing over the horizon. I figured going a bit further couldn’t hurt. I found my way to a large oak, easily the largest on the property. It was surrounded by sticks that would have been perfect for what I needed, so I began to collect, the sticks starting to fall out of my arms. When I got up from retrieving one of the fallen sticks, I noticed a deep carving in the tree, one that looked to have been there for decades. In neat and precise handwriting, it read ‘Olive and Ivy’.

Ivy was my grandmother’s name, and Olive, whilst I didn’t know anyone of that name, was familiar to me, as my grandmother would often mutter what I thought to be nonsense words to herself, and Olive would be one of the words that usually came up. I reached out to touch the carving, and I could feel how old it was. I felt a light tug on my hair and spun around only to find no one behind me. Despite my curiosity, I was still an easily frightened child, so I began to run back to the house, yelling for my grandmother.

But something tripped me, sending me face planting into the fallen leaves on the ground. I screamed and scrambled to get up and look around - but again there was nothing. I started to cry, even though I wasn’t physically hurt, but I quickly stopped when I was yanked up to my feet by my arm, 

But it was still by nothing.

I looked at the ground in front of me. Small dents in the leaves began to appear, looking as if they were left by human feet, heading towards the oak tree I had just run from. When I stood watching frozen, they stopped and only continued towards the tree when I gave a cautious step forward. Even though I couldn’t stop crying, I followed the ghost footsteps, as anytime I’d stop, they would also stop and I felt the presence of something watching me until I kept walking. I just silently wiped my tears and followed obediently.

When the footsteps finally stopped on their own, I was in front of the oak tree again. Before I had the chance to think about what was happening, the leaves at the base of the tree started being tossed aside until the bare ground could be seen. Immediately I was pushed by this invisible force to the ground again, though this time I was able to catch myself with my hands before my face hit the ground.

I felt someone watching me again, and it would intensify any time I looked away from the ground for even a second. I tried to push some of the dirt aside to see what would happen, and was surprised to find that the intense feeling that I’d been feeling had temporarily stopped. I tried to appear calm as I kept digging but inside I was racing to try and figure out an escape. If I ran, it would just grab me again. If I yelled for my grandmother, would she hear me? I was running through my options until I felt metal.

I pulled out a small metal box, so rusted that pieces of the paint chipped off as I held it. It was cold to the touch, and as I held it, I heard a noise coming from deep in the woods. At first I thought it was a fox, but as I listened more, it started to sound more and more like another child crying.

I tried to get up to call out and ask if they were okay but I was yanked down again, my hands containing the box slamming into the ground, the force of the fall opening the lid of the box with a loud clang.

Looking back at me was a little girl, trapped in a photograph that lay worn and ripped at the top of the contents of the box. I initially thought it was a picture of me, since the hair and eyes were almost identical, but the writing I found on the back of the photo identified her as ‘Olive, 1945’. She was smiling with her eyes in the photo, but not with her mouth. I’d always been able to tell the difference between when people are only smiling with their mouths and when they were really smiling with their eyes.

Under the photo were some squares of thick paper with these watercolour paintings on them, of flowers, trees and birds. They were all signed in pencil on the back with the same name, Olive. I also found a crumpled up piece of paper, and as I picked it up, the distant crying sound started again from the forest. I opened up the ball of paper to find a kid’s drawing, of a girl with pointy teeth, fingers and hair, cackling on top of a hill, a bright fire scribbled behind her. I found other similar drawings, all crumpled up in a similar way. Others had a woman scaring some children off a hill, or a girl drawn screaming into the night’s sky. The crying from the forest only grew louder, and it sounded like it was almost next to me. I crumpled the drawings back up and threw them on the ground beside the box, crushing them even further with the palm of my hand.

The crying stopped instantly.

I explored the box further. There was an old letter written on a typewriter, and with my limited reading ability I was able to make it out.

‘Dear Mrs Ainesworth,

Following Olive’s visit to Dr Harper’s practice it has been determined that the girl appears to be of an unsound mind. Despite her obvious failings in language ability, nervousness and hyperactivity were observed, and Dr Harper has diagnosed her with lunacy. We recommend that Olive undergo immediate intervention to keep her calm.’

The crying returned but this time it was a heavy sobbing.

I then noticed the cuddly toy stuffed into the corner of the box. It was a grey rabbit, the fur matted and stuck down, likely from a lifetime of hugs. It seemed normal at first, but when I looked closer, I could have sworn I saw blood on one of the ears.

I reached to grab the rabbit but was stopped by a shrill scream echoing through the woods. It made me jump and dumbly look around, even though I knew at this point that I wouldn’t see anyone.

At the bottom of the box was another photograph. This time it was of two girls. One was happily smiling with her mouth but her eyes stayed completely still. Her hair was done all pretty and she was sat perfectly on the arm of a chair, looking at the camera. It wasn’t Olive.

Olive was the one in the chair. She was now in a nightgown instead of her school uniform, and her hair was knotted and all over, as if no one had brushed it in days. She still had no smile on her face but the smile had gone from her eyes. There was nothing behind them now. I looked a bit closer into her eyes, trying to find life behind them. What I found instead was a line of stitches above one of her eyes. Even through the sepia I could see the blood on the stitches.

The sobbing had stopped, and I again felt the sensation of being watched again, this time more intense than ever. I turned over the photograph, and found two names written on the back:

‘Olive and Ivy’
Title: Damned

"Sorry guys, I don't want to be saved," I said, before they could speak.

Two men in black robes were standing on my front porch. I had never heard of a church where people wore black robes, but I assumed they were here to convert me.

I'm not particularly religious, so I was trying to politely tell them off before they wasted their time.

I began to close the door.

"Do you want to be damned?" one of them asked suddenly. It was hard to see either of their faces under the shadowed hoods, so I couldn't tell who was speaking.

I stopped closing the door.

Why would they ask me if I wanted to be damned? I wasn't sure how this was supposed to convince me of anything. Still, it was interesting enough to give them a chance to explain.

"What did you hope to accomplish by asking that?" I asked curiously. "Would I be 'saved' if I listened to you?"

Neither of them had visibly reacted to my words. It was like talking to overly dressed mannequins.

"No," they replied. "We're not here to save you." They asked again, "Do you want to be damned?"

Alright, I was invested now. I had to know which religion they were trying to sell here. I fully opened the door.

"Why would I want to be damned?" I asked. "It feels like I'm reasonably damned as it is—you should see my paychecks."

They didn't laugh. To be fair, I guess I didn't laugh at my paychecks either.

"Look inside," one of them said, moving for the first time to hand me a large envelope.

This was getting weird. I opened the envelope in front of them while they waited patiently.

*No way,* I thought. The contents rendered me speechless.

An obscene amount of cash was in the envelope. Enough to pay for an entire year of rent, easily. What the hell was going on?

Before I could say anything, one of them said, "This is one-tenth of what you will receive if you are damned."

Now I was truly shocked. People who win the lottery might not get that kind of cash. There had to be a catch here. Was the money fake?

I shamelessly pulled a hundred-dollar bill from the envelope to feel its texture and look for the watermark.

There was no reaction from the hooded men.

It was real. I put it back in the envelope and gave them my full attention. I could feel my heartbeat pounding as my thoughts raced wildly.

"What's the catch?" I asked. "Where would I go? A dark alley where you harvest my organs or something?"

"There is no catch," they said. "You will go to our church. It will take only an hour of your time. No harm will come to you."

Their hidden faces and weird speech patterns were starting to creep me out. I still couldn't tell who was talking.

It was an incredible amount of money they were promising, but I had a feeling I was going to disappear if I went to their "church".

"Will I be 'damned' there?" I asked. "What does that even mean?"

"You will be damned there," they confirmed.

I waited for them to continue.

They didn't continue.

One of the robed men held out a hand—the same one who had passed me the envelope.

I sighed with regret and handed it over. Of course it wouldn't be that easy.

They took the envelope and handed me a small piece of paper. An address was printed on it.

"Come to our church," they said, as they abruptly turned around and left.

I eventually closed the door, lost in thought.

For about thirty minutes, I considered the robed men's offer and wondered if I should go. It was a lot of money they were promising, after all.

Even though I knew it was probably a scam, I gave in. It was worth wasting an hour of my time to follow up on this.

The address they gave me came back as an empty lot in a poorer part of town when I searched for it online. Definitely shady. I would have to go there and check it out from a distance.

When I drove over to scout the location, I was surprised to discover that the robed men had not been lying; there was, in fact, a church.

It was an inconspicuous black, one-story-high building with white trim. A modest steeple topped the building. There were no religious symbols anywhere on it, and no signs or any indication as to what they called themselves or what they worshipped. Oddly, it seemed to have no windows.

They had to be a cult. Those robed men were dressed like cultists and acted like them as well; this building was essentially my confirmation.

No one was outside, there was no parking lot, and there were no cars parked on the road nearby. Was it empty?

Nothing had happened thirty minutes later, so I decided to go for it.

Knowing how dangerous this could be, I took some basic precautions. I texted my friends and a few family members exactly where I was, and told them to call the police if I didn't message them within two hours.

When I pulled up to the church, I parked near the entrance, just in case. If I had to run, I could quickly get to my car.

It was time. I stood in front of the large double doors of the church.

Steeling myself, I pushed one open and started to enter.

I almost immediately screamed, because a cultist was standing directly inside the door, facing me. How long had he been waiting there? There were no windows on the church; he couldn't have seen me outside.

"We've been expecting you," the cultist said in a monotone. "Please, come in." He waved me through the doorway.

It took me a second to find my voice as I stepped in. "How did you know I was outside?" I asked, pretending he hadn't just scared the hell out of me. My hands were still shaking.

"Are you ready to be damned?" he asked, completely ignoring my question.

I had made my preparations before I came in, and they wouldn't spook me away that easily. Not with so much cash on the line.

"Yes," I said, trying to sound confident for whatever this was. "As long as you have the money."

He grabbed a briefcase next to the door and unlatched it so I could see inside.

It took every ounce of willpower not to grab it then and there. I had never seen so many hundred-dollar bills in my life. If I took this briefcase home, I could shower in cash as easily as in water.

He latched the briefcase—dampening my barely restrained avarice—and closed the entrance door.

Darkness and shadow enveloped me as the door closed, and I took in my surroundings for the first time.

Immediately, I realized that the entire building was a hollow shell; containing one vast, featureless room.

Its walls, ceiling, and floor were solid stone. The only lights were functionally placed candelabras—of course it would be candles—and I could barely see in the gloom.

The cultist was facing me again. He gestured to the center of the room. "You will walk to the center of the room," he said. "A chair is waiting for you. You will sit on the chair."

In the center of that ominous chamber was a chair—or perhaps more accurately, a throne—made of black rock. It looked like it was roughly chiseled from a boulder. Its back rose to my shoulders, and the seat was unpadded; I would be sitting on hard stone.

The cultist's hand was still gesturing, seemingly frozen in the air, as he continued, "You will not look behind you. You will not move from the chair. When you are damned, you may leave." He lowered his hand.

These people were crazy. Fortunately, I was willing to overlook all of this as long as I left with the briefcase.

"May I inspect the chair?" I asked. There were a lot of red flags here I could ignore, but sitting on some kind of torture device was not one of them.

"Yes," he confirmed, turning away from me.

Now I saw that around the chair, and scattered across the room, were a significant number of cultists; I couldn't count all of them. There may have been dozens. All of them wore the exact same black robe with hoods that veiled their faces in deep shadow.

"Inspect the chair," one of the cultists said. I had already lost track of which cultist had led me in, so I didn't know who said it. They all had the same voice; it sounded like a middle-aged man who had smoked a pack a day since he could walk.

I examined the stone chair carefully. Its black surface was flush with the floor. Nothing was hidden or implanted on it that I could see. It seemed completely harmless. I walked around it to check the back.

Behind the chair, about ten feet away, was a freestanding door. It was made of black metal and had a bone-white handle. There was nothing supporting it and it wasn't set against a wall; it simply stood there, uselessly. You could easily walk around it.

"What's with the metal door?" I asked, pointing at it.

Silence. It was scarier when there were more of them. They were all standing still, staring at me.

I was getting freaked out, so I broke the silence quickly. "The chair looks fine," I said, walking back to it. "Do I just sit now?"

"Sit," a cultist said.

I walked around the chair and took a seat. It was cold and a bit uncomfortable, but nothing unusual happened to me. I began to relax. I could do this.

All of the cultists moved at the same time and immediately began to encircle me. They weren't that close, but regardless, I almost jumped from my chair. Apparently, they were giving me no warning.

It was time to be "damned".

When the cultists finished encircling me, they went to their knees, put their hands on the floor, and bowed their heads toward the ground.

Silence. None of them moved.

I was sitting nervously in the stone chair as they presumably "damned" me, trying to remember and follow the rules I was told.

*Don't look behind me.*

*Don't move from the chair.*

*When I am 'damned' I can leave.*

All of these things could easily be accomplished by simply doing nothing. I just had to be patient.

I was interrupted from my thoughts by the sound of a handle turning.

They were opening the door behind me.

*What kind of bizarre ritual is this?* I kept still.

A faint metallic creak was audible as the door opened.

I knew something was wrong immediately.

All of the candles blew out, plunging everything into complete, pitch-black darkness.

Then, as the door opened behind me, my vision was restored as a faint light began to creep into the room.

A breeze stirred, carrying fine, white dust. It smelled like ash, and I tried not to sneeze.

As it started to obscure the room in a murky haze, I realized it wasn't dust at all; it WAS ash. There had been no ash in the room earlier; I would have seen it on the ground. Where did it come from?

Ash began to flow faster through the air and circle the room, orbiting the door. Since the door was so close to where I sat, it seemed like an ash tornado was revolving around my chair.

Then, I heard the whispers.

They were faint, but it sounded like there were hundreds, maybe thousands of people talking in hushed voices behind me. I couldn't make out what they were whispering.

Something touched my shoulder.

That was too much. I was about to turn around and get up when everything stopped.

The ash settled, I felt nothing on my shoulder, and the whispering faded away.

A clicking noise came as the door behind me closed.

Candles flared back to life, relighting the room.

The cultists stood up at the same time and one of them approached me.

"It is done," he said. "You are damned."

That was it? I had only been there for around twenty minutes. What did they get out of this?

The cultist led me out the front door and handed me the briefcase.

I had to make sure they didn't switch it out on me. Popping the latches, I peeked inside.

The bank notes peeked back.

*Is this actually happening?* I thought, as my heart thundered in my chest.

"Well," I said, trying not to pass out, "that was easy." I managed to latch up the briefcase. "Do I just go now?"

"Yes," the cultist said, simply, dismissing me with a wave of his hand.

He watched me stumble away. As I opened my car door—with trembling fingers—to get in, he said one last thing.

"We'll see you soon," the cultist promised, his expression hidden in the darkness under his hood.

*Not likely,* I thought, as I entered my car. It was time to quit my job. This was the best day of my life.

I was suddenly rich beyond my wildest dreams, and I could do anything I wanted.

After I quit my job, I let myself relax and enjoy the beginning of my new, stress-free life. Soon, I would start planning on how to spend my money.

It took about a week for it to begin.

I was walking through the park one evening when a lady with no eyes jogged past me.

*What the hell?* I jumped, startled, and turned to look at her. She was now too far away to see her face. I thought maybe I had imagined it and headed home.

The next day, I entered a convenience store to buy some milk. I glanced at the cashier and casually noticed that he had no eyes or nose; just smooth skin where they should have been, as if he never had them.

I made it about five steps into the store before I stopped. Realization of what I had just seen sank in. I started shaking.

*I imagined it.*

Taking a deep breath, I turned around.

"Need help with anything?" the cashier asked, with his mouth.

He had a very normal mouth. Skin covered the rest of his face.

I screamed and ran to my car.

It took me a week before I had the courage to leave the house again.

Going out my front door, I began walking to the park to see if I could catch glimpses of people from far away. I had to know if their faces were human.

Halfway there, I turned a corner and almost bumped into someone walking in the opposite direction.

"*oH, sOrRy!*" he chittered, his gaping, vertical maw bristling with razor-sharp teeth.

I couldn't even react; my heart had frozen in my chest. My breathing stopped.

This hideous monster stood still for a few moments, overwhelming me with terror, before shrugging and continuing past me.

It took me another few days to calm down and try to rationalize what was happening.

People still seemed to be normal; they just looked different to me, specifically. Was there something wrong with my eyes?

Doctors couldn't find anything wrong. I struggled to remain calm as the horrific abominations examined me.

I started to have the same nightmare every night. In it, a madness sweeps over Earth, an apocalypse leaving only ruin and ash in its wake.

After a few of these dreams, the whispers came back. They've been getting louder recently.

I drove by the church, knowing they had something to do with this, but it had vanished. Only an empty lot remained.

Yesterday, I went to buy groceries. As I was walking through the parking lot, a few of the demons started screeching—their horrific jaws yawning open—and pointing at me.

Consumed by fear, I sprinted to my car and drove away.

When I arrived home, I looked into my bathroom mirror and saw my vertical mouth. It split my face open when I cried out in terror.

This morning, I found a plain cardboard box on my front porch. I have the box open in front of me right now; there are two things inside.

On top is a small, pitch-black card.

An address is on one side. The address of the church.

Flipping to the other side reveals three words, printed in bone-white letters:

---

**YOU ARE**

**DAMNED**

---

A black robe fills the rest of the [box](
Title: My neighbor celebrated Halloween on Christmas; it didn't end well

I am a very old woman, and this is something that happened a little over 75 years ago, when I was 16 years old.

It was just my mother and me. My father died in the war. Our neighbors knew this, but they still gave my mother odd looks at the butcher's or at church because of just how taboo single motherhood was back then. They seemed to silently judge her, as if she had chosen to be single instead of fate having determined this for her. And when I crept toward marrying age--back then and in my town at least, that could be as young as 17--they slid their judging eyes toward me because I didn't have any suitors lining up to court me.

Given that type of environment, it's no surprise what they did to one of my neighbors, Billy, when he decided to celebrate Halloween on Christmas.

Billy was a shy, bookish boy. He was tall and gangly with long hair that covered his eyes; he had an upturned nose, rosy cheeks, and prominent front teeth. He was about my age, and he was probably the only boy in town my mother and the neighbors didn't want to become my future husband. This was ironic because he was the only boy I ever found even the slightest bit interesting, though I can't say I ever saw him in any sort of romantic light. Even as someone who doesn't generally judge odd people--I'm good friends with a gay fellow who lives in the room next door, for example--I found Billy to be a bit too odd to get close to.

That doesn't mean I didn't feel for him.

Billy was from the big city. His parents were killed on Christmas Day. It was the evening, and they were standing at the corner of a busy street, waiting on a bus to get home after a night out. A drunk driver jumped a curb and struck them both dead. Luckily, Billy, who was around eight years old at the time, wasn't with them. He was at home with the maid. I remembered people whispering about this when he first moved to our neighborhood. It turned out the reclusive elderly lady from down the street was his aunt, and he'd come to live with her.

Mostly, we'd kept out of the way of Billy and his aunt (whom we saw leave the house less and less often as the years ticked by). But then, on December 1, when the Christmas season was just beginning--yes, we didn't begin in November back then; imagine that!--Billy did something so intolerably strange, it threw the whole neighborhood into a tizzy.

It started with the placement of a simple jack-o-lantern on Billy's porch. When I say "simple," I mean it. Back then, there were no designs you could look up and print out from the Web, no elaborate carving kits. It was just the pumpkin and a steak knife you had to work with, you see. And Billy had carved a smiling, happy face onto a pumpkin, with the stereotypical scraggly grin and triangular eyes and nose. The only problem was he had done this at an entirely wrong time. As you can imagine, it didn't escape people's notice.

At first, they were perplexed. The initial reaction was that Billy had simply neglected to throw out his jack-o-lantern from a few months ago. But the pumpkin was new and fresh. To this day, I can't imagine where he got it from. It showed no signs of decay, no mold, no nothing. It was orange and plump and good enough to make into a pie.

I can't remember exactly, but once it became apparent that Billy (and possibly also his aunt) were having a late Halloween, the murmurings turned from reasonable calls of "he should throw that old pumpkin out" to half-amused, half-suspicious remarks about how "someone must really like Halloween."

But then it got worse.

I remember running into Billy at the candy shop while I was perusing candy canes. He was standing before the clerk holding a bag of candy corn. The clerk looked awfully hesitant to check him out. I remember thinking this was amusing considering candy corn was sold at the shop year-round. I had a feeling the clerk would've ordinarily checked out someone who wanted candy corn out-of-season without any problems. At most, he probably would've given them an amused little smile or even laughed at them. But, from the rather fearful look on his face, it was evident he had heard about Billy's strange observance of a December Halloween. And why wouldn't he have heard? Word got around fast because our town was very small.

Just as the clerk was acquiescing and reaching for Billy's cash, someone stepped forward and brashly demanded of Billy, "Why is it you're having Halloween when it's Christmas time?"

Nonplussed, Billy calmly replied, "Halloween is my favorite holiday. I missed Halloween this year, so I thought, hey, better late than never." I remember he chuckled, but the man who'd accosted him didn't think this was funny.

"But why," demanded a stern-faced woman who was holding back her young child, "did you 'miss' Halloween? How is that even possible? What happened?"

Many others joined in, berating Billy, demanding he answer. But he refused. He paid for the candy corn and stormed out of the store red-faced and watery-eyed. I remember thinking it was none of their business what caused Billy to miss Halloween. I figured it had to have been some sort of tragedy, given how he reacted when people insisted he tell them.

As Christmas grew nearer, no one was merely amused or curious any longer. And if anyone wasn't angry about or at least suspicious of Billy's December Halloween, now they most certainly were. Most people were outright furious.

I remember one morning, I saw Billy's house decorated in an impressive array of bedsheet ghosts, poseable paper skeletons with riveted joints, stretched-cotton spiderwebs, and the like. And more and more smiling jack-o-lanterns kept popping up on the porch.

It didn't last long. A woman complained to Billy that the decorations were upsetting her child--"corrupting" the child even. She threatened to call the authorities, which made Billy extremely nervous, I vividly recall. But he pointed out that there was no law against what he was doing, and she had no choice but to begrudgingly concede. I think a few people might've actually called the cops but were told there was nothing they could do--that someone's home decor, if not bothering anyone else, wasn't law enforcement's concern.

It was then that people started taking matters into their own hands. It started when someone got bold enough to swipe a jack-o-lantern off Billy's porch. Then, in short order, people began ripping down the ghosts, skeletons, and cobwebs, which they drove to the dump personally. I kept a close eye on this. One afternoon, I swear I heard a man grumble about how disposing of Billy's Halloween things was interfering with his plans to attend a family gathering.

The facade of Billy's house remained bare for a period of three, maybe four days. It was the week before Christmas. The neighborhood settled; it seemed they had successfully fought back. A group of Christmas carolers arrived at Billy's door. (Yes, we actually used to do that back then, and quite regularly.) I remember laughing when I saw Billy emerge with a big, mischievous grin on his face--a grin as big as a jack-o-lantern's, I might even say--and throw candy at the singers. They were terribly confused and a bit affronted. And that was the beginning of Billy's revenge.

We started waking up to see our Christmas lights covered in cotton spider webs, as if Billy had crept out at night to do the deed. It would've been easy to get away with such a "prank" I guess you could call it back then. No doorbell cameras of course, hardly any home security whatsoever. But no one needed a camera to know who'd spread those webs over our lights.

Several people marched up to Billy's house to confront him. But they were appalled and a little afraid of what they found. The decorations were all back, and they'd returned with a vengeance. There were enough pumpkins on that dusty, rickety old porch to fill a pumpkin patch, all of them with faces carved into them, and not a single one of them smiling. There were two paper skeletons taped to the door, arranged in such a manner that it looked like they were committing...well, a scandalous sort of act, we'll say. I'll leave it to your imagination. Suffice it to say, it was something that would cause outrage even today, much less back then. There was only one bedsheet ghost this time, nailed to the highest gable so that it would appear Billy had climbed onto the roof to get it up there. (And anyone who wanted to get it down would have to do likewise.)

It was Christmas Eve at this point, and the neighborhood arranged a meeting at the house of the neighborhood's richest resident (the pastor at my church). I was in attendance because my mother had dragged me along. Up to that point, she hadn't been bothered by Billy. But as any admittedly sensible person would do, she drew a line when Billy stepped onto our property and started vandalizing our Christmas lights.

We all agreed we would confront Billy together, and if he refused to cease and desist with his Halloween nonsense, we'd demand to speak to his aunt. And if she did nothing to stop Billy, then we'd involve the police. We had reason to believe that the boy had been stalking around our yards, after all. And trespassing, unlike celebrating Halloween a few months late, was definitely a crime.

We all marched to the house, the pastor leading the way, tightly clutching a Bible, his face screwed up in righteous fury and determination. No one was going to insult the most holy day of Christmas with a pagan holiday, he'd declared to us. I remember thinking him calling Halloween "pagan" sounded wrong. But no one corrected him. We all were too ignorant. Back then, we didn’t have all the information in the world at our fingertips, and not many people sought out information at a library or museum. But hell, even now, readily available access to facts won't stop someone from believing any crazy thing they damn well mean to.

Billy opened the door the minute we'd stopped at his porch, as if he'd been awaiting our arrival. I remember he looked perfectly calm--stoic, even.

"God will not be mocked, son," the pastor told Billy viciously through his teeth. He had his Bible open in his hand and was leaning forward like he was preparing to charge into the house and perform an exorcism.

Billy merely smirked in response.

"This Halloween nonsense has got to stop!" someone cried.

"It isn't right!" another agreed. "You can't just move holidays around!"

I'll never forget the smooth, almost cocky certainty in Billy's voice when he responded to the crowd. "Oh," he said cryptically, his eyes bulging and wild, "you won't have to worry for much longer now...."

"Certainly we won't!" the pastor spat. "So, are you going to stop blaspheming, or do we need to have a talk with your aunt?"

For a moment, Billy looked worried; I think it was at that moment that I realized he was far gone (in the head, that is). If he weren't crazy, then that little flicker of primal fear in his face wouldn't have been so jarring. But in a flash, Billy's mad jack-o-lantern grin returned, and when he didn't say anything, the crowd lost all patience. Led by the pastor, they forced their way inside.

I only got a peek of Billy's aunt, but that was enough to burn the image of her in my mind.

Her head was missing--we moved so quickly after this, I never found out if they ever located it--and it was replaced with a jack-o-lantern, one with a cute little smiling face: a crescent moon for a mouth, a round little nose, and big, happy eyes.

Her body was positioned awkwardly so that she was half-sitting, half-lying down in the corner, with her legs crossed and her arms falling limply by her sides. She'd been dressed in a blue-and-white gown--her Sunday best--that was splotched here and there with blood. A rather large stain spread over her lap.

Billy ran away when we were all distracted by our grisly discovery. He was never found. Rumors about the investigation swirled around our town. Apparently, they found several books in Billy's bedroom. That checked out. The library was maybe the place where I'd encountered him the most, reading silently and with intense focus at an isolated table. The rumor was the books were occult in nature and that Billy was enacting some sort of dark ritual.

Me? I'm not sure if I believe that. That is, I don't believe Billy was researching the occult, per se, but I do strongly suspect he was researching Halloween. I did myself in the years after the incident, and I learned quite a bit. The coroner's report got to our ears in the days after Christmas, which was basically canceled for our neighborhood that year due to most of us losing the holiday spirit. Apparently, Billy's aunt had probably been dead for weeks or months, of natural causes. And Billy had...well..."tampered"...with the corpse for a long time thereafter. My guess is she died around Halloween, and Billy didn't celebrate his favorite holiday because he was overwhelmed with grief.

I personally don't think Billy chose to celebrate Halloween at Christmas that year, all that time ago, simply because he missed the traditional October 31 date. Halloween, I've learned, is a day the ancient Gaels believed the dead walked among us. I think Billy was lonely to a point where it drove him mad. It's my guess that he was trying to "resurrect" his aunt, but to make that happen, in his mind, Halloween celebrations needed to ensue.

I think he was basically flipping the bird at Christmas, a day he likely wasn't fond of, considering it was the day his parents died. Christmas preached about "eternal life" in only the vaguest terms of "going to heaven," something made possible because of the birth of someone who'd give himself over to a violent human sacrifice. But Billy didn't want his aunt "in heaven." He wanted her with him, alive again. She was all he had left.

Or maybe he was just batshit. I don't really know.

Most people in the neighborhood opted to move as soon as they were able. My mother and I were out of there by Valentine's Day because her brother offered to shelter us after she relayed the whole story to him. I stayed with my mom and uncle until I was nineteen, and then I finally let myself be married because I would be out on my ass otherwise.

The incident with Billy's aunt wasn't widely publicized, and I can't find any reference to it online. After no family members showed up to claim the aunt's body, I suspect the police had the story killed. Probably, they were embarrassed that they'd never investigated Billy's behavior despite some of his neighbors calling about it. Coverups like that were common back then. Hell, they're still pretty common now.

Now that I have a foot in the grave and am regarded as senile by most of my caretakers and family, I have no scruples telling all this to random strangers online. I've had a complicated relationship with Christmas since the incident with Billy. I've been going through the motions each year, for the sake of my grandchildren and great grandchildren, putting on a happy face.

But I don't really believe in Christmas's promise of life after death. Or Halloween's for that matter. We all die. We all turn to dust. I've accepted that. Seeing Billy's aunt maybe put that attitude in me--that there was no actual dignity in death, nothing special or holy about it. Don't let the holidays fool you.

Not to put a damper on your holiday season. Merry Christmas. And...hell, why not? Happy Halloween!
Title: The Monster That Stalks Lake Eve

My friends and I have been visiting lake eve since we were in middle school. We would ride our bikes down the wooden trail that led through the trees past the parking lot of our school. We lived in a small town so we have been friends since kindergarten, attending the same k-12 school our whole lives. There have been legends of lake eve passed down for generations, some claim that theres a monster who lives in the woods, who would rip older children from their family’s and pull them down to the bottom of the green murky water. Others claim tales of a loch ness monster type creature pulling mischievous children into the water to feed its children. A lot of people in the town just think its eerie, maybe its haunted by the town that used to be beneath it before the damn broke and flooded all of the settlers out, way back in the 1800’s. Some of them didn’t believe it would truly take the whole town, so when the majority of the town fled, stubborn settlers stayed and lost their lives to the ruthless waters. 

My friends and I didn’t believe in the supernatural, at least not back then. So we would spend our afternoons building forts in the trees, looking for cool rocks and creatures by the water. We would find frogs and salamanders, build little houses for them with sticks and rocks and then release them and get cleaned up before we rode back home. 

In our freshman year, our parents got together to get us each a four wheeler to take on our adventures. James Alex and I would ride them to school instead of our bikes. Then after school we would take them down to the lake and drive around in the field across the woods. We would do donuts and wheelies, we tore up the sand and the grass around the water. Nobody really came out to lake eve because of the rumors, there were a few missing persons cases in the town, all presumably taken by the “creature of eve”. At least thats what the towns people would say, and the kids at school. 

So lake Eve was our personal spot, we could do whatever we wanted. Winter was approaching quickly now as we were almost halfway through the school year. The lake would freeze over soon enough, we were anticipating how thrilling it was going to be to be able to driver across the ice. We would have a lot more room to do donuts and drive around like idiots. Our parents wanted us to wait until the ice was thick enough for my dad to drive his truck across it, he did a lot of ice fishing so he knew when it would he safe for us to get out there. 

Finally in late December the ice was thick enough to drive across. My dad came home later that day, he brought in his tape measure and pointed to the number 18. “Ice is about 18 inches deep Max, if you and the boys wanted to go out it would be perfect for it” I was so excited I called up Alex and James and we hopped on our 4 wheelers and headed down to lake eve. 

We headed out on the ice, something about driving over the frozen water was exhilarating. We promised our parents we would be careful, so we weren’t doing our usual stupid male antics. We were cautious, we didn’t drive too fast, and we weren’t doing our usual jumps or donuts. The snow had piled up in places, we would go up over the snow and back onto the ice, we drove around the perimeter of the lake, it was solid ice across the whole top, that I remember clearly. 

I was starting to get more comfortable and I picked up speed, I was zig zagging across the middle of the lake when I heard a loud popping crack. My heart sank down to my stomach as I felt cold water enter my boot. My four wheeler had stopped completely and started going under the water. I tried to jump off but my foot was stuck. I heard the screams of Alex and James, I looked over to see pure terror on their faces as I sank below the water. Something was pulling me down. 

I was freezing, the water sent a shocking cold blast down my body, it burned as I held my breath and desperately tried to swim back up. I looked down to see my four wheeler sinking to the bottom of the lake, my thoughts were racing “get out, get out” and then I heard my name I thought it was Alex, or James calling to me. But the sound was coming from beneath me “Max, down here Max, join us” I was finally making my way towards the water line, I reached my hands up and tried desperately to find the opening in the ice, but I couldn’t find it. It all looked the same to me, there was no light seeping down, my body was stiffening due to the cold, and I was starting to feel warmer which sent shivers down my spine, this was it for me I thought, this can’t be happening how is this possible. 

I looked down, and thats when I saw it, or her. It was a sickly pale almost greenish white humanoid figure, except it wasn’t human, it had long skinny limbs, long legs kicked beneath it, propelling it closer towards me. It was coming closer, up through the darkness that encased the bottom of the lake. Its overly stretched out limbs were covered in dark green algae, stringing around its body. It was completely naked aside from the algae covering it. My vision was starting to blur, I thought I was hallucinating, how long had I been down here? 

The worst part of the creature was its face, it had no nose, just a gaping black hole where it should have been, it had nasty muck covered gills protruding from the side of its neck, opening and closing to let water in. It had a sickening smile, with dark lips wrapped around a elongated mouth that smiled at me with a set of insanely sharp teeth. Its eyes are burned into my memory for the rest of my life, they haunt my dreams and stare back at me each time I close my eyes. They were huge, comically large, they were a deep black, soul less. It reached its boney hand up towards me, covered in algae, I could now see it had pieces of bone sticky out of its almost scaly looking flesh. thats when it opened its mouth, I saw it had 5 rows of those wickedly sharp teeth going back towards its throat. It spoke it a way that looked painful “Oh max, I have been waiting for you” it pushed its way towards me and smiled that gut wrenching smile I had sank back down at the sight of her, I couldn’t believe my eyes I was in shock. 

I quickly swam back up and I banged on the ice, it was too thick, I couldn’t break it. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a hand reaching down into the water, and I heard the muffled cries of Alex, I swam toward his hand and I reached out for it. I heard a shrieking scream come from to woman under the water, I looked down and she was right behind me, I grabbed Alex’s hand and I pulled myself up. I felt her hands on my legs and she pulled me back down, she was screaming, her mouth wide open, I kicked down as hard as I could despite being in the icy cold water, she bit down on my foot and I felt the sharp teeth penetrating my boot, I pulled my leg out of her mouth and launched myself up out of the water, the crisp cold air bit at my skin as I lay on the ice next to the jagged hole I had fallen through. 

Alex pulled me farther away from the water as I spit the cold liquid from my lungs. James had already called the police and I could hear the ambulance sirens getting closer. He had his head in his hands as our parents pulled up and ran towards us. I was picked up and put into the back of the ambulance they warmed me up and took me to the nearest hospital. 

My parents tagged along in the ambulance, my mother was yelling at my father as I came in and out of consciousness. I awoke the next day, I had minor injuries, I didn’t spend much time under the water, although it had felt like hours. The doctors told me I was going to be just fine, and could be discharged soon. I didn’t know if I should tell my parents about the woman I saw down there, I didn’t know if I should tell anyone. They might lock me up, or think that the cold water ruined my brain. 

When I got to go home my parents were no longer upset at each other. My dad was confused, and they kept asking what had happened. When I explained that the ice had just pulled me under, they had looks of uncertainty on their faces. I think they thought I had caused it somehow, maybe by jumping, or acting recklessly. I didn’t know, but we were all just grateful I made it out alive. 

Alex and James came over to spend the night, it was a Friday so we were planning to hang out at my house for the weekend. Their parents had sold the 4 wheelers almost as soon as they heard about what had happened to me. Obviously I couldn’t get back on mine considering it now resided at the bottom of the lake. I don’t think any of us wanted to get back on them anyway. I hooked up my xbox when the boys got there. They had this look on their faces I can’t describe, almost petrified, but curious. James spoke first “did you see what grabbed you?!” I jerked back to look at him, almost astonished at his question. “You saw it” i asked. Alex and James both shook their heads. “We saw everything, it reached up out of the ice and pulled you under” Alex chimed in “We watched its hand wrap around your leg” I sat there, in shock as the visuals of whatever that was came back into my mind. I told them everything that happened. 

We sat there, all in shock. We never went back to lake eve, and we contemplated all of the stories we had heard. Maybe those missing people were at the bottom of the lake, I was almost one of them. I still have nightmares, I still think about how it knew my name, and how long it had been watching me, watching us. The scars it left on my ankle are a constant reminder of what could have happened to me. I know deep down it would have shredded me to pieces.
Title: Help me, I’m stuck on the side of the road.

I’m writing this in the daylight, not because it feels safer, exactly, but because I’ve stopped trusting my own thinking once the sun goes down. 
 
Last night I was driving home on a two-lane highway I’ve taken a hundred times. No streetlights. No traffic. Just that narrow, tunneled feeling you get when the world reduces itself to your headlights and the painted line in the road, like everything else has been switched off. 
 
The steering started to feel off. Nothing dramatic. No sudden pull. Just… soft. Like the front end didn’t want to stay honest, didn’t want to track straight unless I kept correcting it. 
 
I told myself I’d deal with it when I got home. I was tired. I didn’t feel like pulling over in the dark. 
 
Then my brain did what it always does and jumped straight to the worst version of things: a blown tire at highway speed, the car fishtailing, me sliding into a ditch so fast I wouldn’t even have time to be scared. 
 
So I pulled over. 
 
Hazards on. Slow, controlled movement. Half on the shoulder, half on the line—the kind of parking job that says I’m not staying long and I don’t want to die here. 
 
I stopped. Exhaled. Sat there longer than I meant to, my hands still on the wheel, listening to the engine tick down. 
 
Then I checked the rearview mirror. 
 
And my stomach dropped. 
 
There was no road behind me. 
 
Not “it’s too dark to see.” 
Not “my headlights aren’t reaching far enough.” 
 
The road itself was gone. 
 
The asphalt just… stopped at the back of my car, like someone had taken a knife and cleanly cut the highway in half. Everything in front of me was still there. Everything behind me wasn’t. 
 
Behind my trunk was wet grass, then trees. Too close. Uncomfortably close. Like the forest began exactly where my bumper ended. 
 
I blinked hard. Leaned forward. Tilted my head, as if changing the angle might somehow fix the problem. 
 
It didn’t. 
 
I got out of the car. 
 
Cold air. Dead quiet. The hazards clicking steadily, like a metronome keeping time for something I didn’t want to think about. Red light pulsing across the bumper and the grass, again and again. 
 
I walked to the back of the car and stared at the edge of the pavement up close, stupidly thinking it might make more sense from a few feet away. 
 
It didn’t. 
 
The pavement ended in a clean, sharp line. No taper. No gravel shoulder. No ditch. Just asphalt, then dirt. 
 
I crouched and touched the edge with my fingers. It felt real. Rough. Sharp in a way roads aren’t supposed to be, like it hadn’t been worn down by tires or weather or time. 
 
Past that edge was a drop into black. 
 
Not a ditch. 
Not a ravine. 
 
Just a depth that didn’t belong there. 
 
I picked up a small rock from the shoulder and tossed it out into the darkness, feeling ridiculous even as I did it. 
 
I waited for the sound. 
 
Nothing. 
 
No thud. No bounce. No echo. No splash. 
 
Just silence, like the world swallowed it before it could finish falling. 
 
I stood up too fast and got that faint, floaty feeling—not in my body, exactly, but somewhere higher up. Like my brain didn’t like what it was seeing and started quietly looking for a way out. 
 
I pulled my phone from my pocket. 
 
No service. Of course. 
 
I opened Maps anyway. The blue dot took a second to load, then settled. 
 
It placed me in the middle of the woods. 
 
Not on the highway. 
Not even near it. 
 
Just trees. 
 
I zoomed out. The highway was still there on the map—a clean, uninterrupted line stretching back toward town. My dot sat off to the side, buried in green, like I’d driven straight into the forest. 
 
I tried calling 911. 
 
It rang once. 
 
Then someone picked up. 
 
No greeting. No introduction. Just breathing on the line. 
 
I said, “Hi. I pulled over on the highway. Something’s wrong. The road behind me is gone.” 
 
There was a pause. Not long, but long enough to feel like the person was deciding what category to put me in. 
 
Then a voice, calm and flat. 
 
“Are you in a safe location?” 
 
I glanced back at the cut edge of pavement and the trees pressed tight behind my car. 
 
“No.” 
 
“Is there anyone else with you?” 
 
“No.” 
 
“Stay where you are.” 
 
The way it said it made my skin tighten. It didn’t sound like advice. It sounded procedural. Final. 
 
I said, “Can you ping my location? My map says I’m in the woods and I’m… clearly not.” 
 
Silence. Not long, but it had that weird weight—like the breath before someone says something they know won’t help. 
 
Then the voice came back, quieter now, like they’d leaned in too close: 
 
“Don’t turn around.” 
 
I blinked. “I’m—what?” 
 
There was a click. Not the hang-up kind. Just... a sound. Could’ve been anything, honestly. 
 
Then again, that same tone. Still flat: 
 
“Stay where you are.” 
 
I hung up. 
 
I told myself it was a tired operator. A glitch. Someone working a long shift who didn’t know what to say. Anything normal. 
 
Then I heard gravel shift behind me. 
 
Not a branch. 
Not an animal. 
 
A step. 
 
Careful. Deliberate. Like someone placing their foot down slowly to avoid making noise. 
 
I froze. Keys in one hand. Phone in the other. My hazards kept blinking. 
 
On. 
Off. 
On. 
Off. 
 
Every time the red light washed over the trees, nothing was there. 
 
In the dark between blinks, I heard it again. 
 
Another step. 
 
Perfectly timed with the hazards going dark. 
 
Like it understood the rhythm. 
 
I got back into the car so fast I slammed my knee into the door frame. Locked the doors. Started the engine. 
 
The dashboard lit up, small and bright and familiar, like a tiny safe room. 
 
I checked the rearview mirror. 
 
Still no road. 
 
Just trees. 
 
And an outline standing where the shoulder should have been. 
 
It wasn’t detailed. No face. No features. Just a human shape my eyes kept trying—and failing—to focus on. 
 
When the hazards blinked on, it vanished in the red glare. 
 
When they blinked off, it was there again. 
 
It was like it—whatever it was—needed that blink. 
Like the moment no one was watching, it took a breath and stood up straighter. 
 
I threw the car into drive. 
 
Not gently. 
 
The tires spun on loose gravel, then caught, and the car lurched forward onto the highway. 
 
I drove. 
 
The road ahead was normal. The lines stayed put. Reflectors blinked back like they always had. 
 
But behind me, the rearview stayed wrong. 
 
The darkness moved with me. 
 
Not like something chasing. 
 
Like a mouth closing. 
 
The cut edge of pavement stayed the same distance behind my bumper, erasing the road as I went. 
 
I kept checking the mirror, even though I knew better. Every time I looked, the space felt tighter. Smaller. Like my past was being deleted in real time. 
 
My phone buzzed in the cup holder. 
 
Once. 
Twice. 
Three times. 
 
Still no service—but it buzzed like it wanted attention. 
 
I didn’t look. 
 
Then headlights appeared ahead. 
 
Relief hit me so hard my eyes burned. 
 
An oncoming car. A real person. Proof. 
 
I flashed my brights. 
 
The car slowed. 
 
Then slowed more. 
 
Then stopped in the opposite lane, facing me. 
 
It didn’t pull over. It didn’t turn around. 
 
It just waited. 
 
As I got closer, I saw why it felt wrong. 
 
There was no driver. 
 
Empty seats. No silhouette. No movement. 
 
When my hazards blinked on, the car looked solid. 
 
When they blinked off, it felt unstable—like the idea of a car, not the thing itself. 
 
I passed it without stopping. 
 
My phone lit up again. Somehow, it had one bar now. Maybe it was lying. 
 
A message blinked through from a number I didn’t know. 
 
TURN AROUND. YOU DROPPED SOMETHING. 
 
My stomach rolled. It was too on-the-nose. Too… tailored. 
 
Then another. 
 
YOUR TAILLIGHT IS OUT. 
 
It wasn’t. 
 
Then a third. 
 
STAY WHERE YOU ARE. 
 
I threw the phone onto the passenger seat. 
 
The highway curved ahead—one I recognized. My turnoff should’ve been right there. 
 
It wasn’t. 
 
Instead, there was a new sign. Clean. Reflective. 
 
One word: 
 
RETURN 
 
I drove past it. 
 
The moment I did, my rearview mirror went flat black. Not dark. Not unlit. 
 
Just black. 
 
I didn’t slow down. 
 
I drove until streetlights appeared. Until I saw another car with a human inside it. Until a lifted truck rode my bumper and flashed his lights. 
 
I’ve never been happier to be tailgated. 
 
When I got home, I shut the engine off and sat there, hazards still clicking. 
 
Then I turned them off. 
 
Nothing happened. 
 
This morning I found a nail in my tire. Ordinary. 
 
But there was damp soil stuck to my rear bumper. Leaves pressed into the plastic like I’d backed into the forest. 
 
I didn’t. 
 
And I haven’t driven that highway since. 
 
If you have to pull over at night, do it somewhere bright. Somewhere with people. 
 
Don’t stop on a dark shoulder. 
 
And if you do—and the road behind you is missing—don’t stand there trying to understand it. 
 
Get back in the car. 
 
Keep moving. 
 
Because whatever that thing was, it didn’t care about the stuff people usually lose. Not the phone. Not the wallet. Not the keys. 
 
I think it wanted the moment. The pause. The part of me that hesitated. That chose to stop.
Title: They wouldn’t let me have an abortion, and now this pregnancy is going to kill me.

My name is Clara, I’m 19, and I live on a Scottish island about twenty miles off the coast, which is itself about thirty miles off anywhere; maybe off Earth itself, given what’s happened. I’d give you the exact location and beg you to come and save me, Reddit rules be damned, but that would be bad for you. It’s actually a good thing, the seclusion of our island, which is more of a skerry; just a wee clump of green and grey, barely staying afloat out at sea.

Point is: be glad you’re all very far from this place.

Last Saturday, I was stumbling through the park, five bevvies deep; up to my eyeballs, folk would tell me the next morning. None of them believed my story. None of them believed I’d seen something in the sky that night. A flash of blinding white, though not like a car’s front beams. This was a different kind of light. A different kind of dazzle.

This *hurt*.

I remember tripping over my damn laces, and being scared to find the pain continued even as I lay face-down in the grass. I wasn’t looking up at the white light in the sky anymore, but I could still feel it in my eyes.

I cried like a bairn as something burnt cold around my eyes, making its way through my sockets and into my skull. It was sharp, and pointed, and penetrating; felt as if that otherworldly light had beasted me.

Then I threw up.

And I continued throwing up the next day. Of course, my da blamed the liquor, as did my mates who’d been drinking with me in the pub that night. But even if I had dreamt up the panic, I didn’t dream up the bloated stomach that came with it. A bloating that, much like my nausea, only got worse over the next few days. Most girls of 19 don’t have three-day hangovers, as far as I’m aware, and that was when it struck me.

*I’m pregnant*.

That was impossible, of course, as I broke up with Danny three months ago. I hadn’t been with anyone since. I couldn’t be pregnant. But I was, and the pregnancy test proved it.

*You see him at the pub from time to time*, I told myself as my chest thrummed. *Maybe you hooked up one night and forgot, eh?*

But that didn’t feel right.

I visited the village clinic to talk to Dr Haliburton: a podgy little man with the gait of a penguin, and about as far from the epitome of good health as any doctor’s ever been, I reckon. But he looked worse than usual this day. Looked as pale and sickly as I felt, and he told me a few villagers had come to see him that day about feeling “under the weather”. He dismissed me. He never really believed lasses about their medical issues. I had to show him the positive pregnancy test to get him to pay attention.

What really caught his attention, though, was that I wanted an abortion. He got angry. Flat-out refused to help me. *Isnae God’s will*, he said. A man of bloody science. Unbelievable. And I knew he wasn’t qualified to perform such a procedure, but I thought he’d at least point me in the right direction. Tell me who to see on the mainland.

The next morning, the mob came to my da’s house, armed with forked words. I hadn’t told him about the pregnancy yet. He had to find out when they called me blasphemer, harlot, and aw that. I suppose Dr Haliburton had told them I wanted an abortion. So much for confidentiality.

My da protected me from the wolves. His only mistake was telling them they wouldn’t stop me. It was my choice to have an abortion. He was gonnae take me off the island to get it done.

Well, that night, someone torched his car. Most terrifying thing I’d ever seen, right after an inseminating white light coming out of the heavens. From my bedroom window, I squinted through the fire at the trees by our road. I saw them, standing there: folks, who used to be our friends, reduced to outlines in the black, like shades of themselves.

Da and I went to the polis, but they shrugged us off. We tried to get off the island, but the ferryman shrugged us off. People were turning against us. And each day, my belly was getting bigger. My face was getting paler. My da was getting more scared. He kept us locked up in the house for “our own safety”.

My friend texted me about other islanders who’d been experiencing similar symptoms since that Saturday night. The bloated stomachs. The sickly complexions.

Something unnatural was happening.

Then, this evening, I answered the front door to Dr Haliburton. Da was passed out on the sofa, drunk and exhausted from the week’s witch hunt. I damn near shut the door in fright, but the doctor didn’t look ready to tear me limb from limb.

He was crying.

And begging me for help, I think. Truth be told, I don’t remember the exact wording, and that’s only partly on account of his mumbled, jumbled speaking; mostly, I was horrified to see what had become of him. The man’s belly was distended, jutting out twice as far as normal, and Haliburton had already been a heavyset man. He jabbed a finger at my own bloated stomach.

*Surely not*, I told myself as a horrid thought crossed my mind.

“What happened to you?” asked Dr Haliburton as he clutched his bulging abdomen. “What did this to you… To *us*?”

*Surely not*. “The… The light in the sky…”

His eyes glinted with tearful recognition. “No. *No*. That was a dream.”

“You saw it too,” I gasped, before pointing at my eyes. “You *felt* it too?”

“*IT WAS A DREAM!”* screamed Haliburton insistently, legs buckling and sending him to his knees; he looked up at me from the ground, as if at worship. “Please, Clara. Tell me what happened.”

“I know as much as you. Doctor, did you take… a test?”

Haliburton’s eyes swam with fury. *“HOW DARE YOU SUGGEST WHAT YOU’RE SUGGESTING?”* He keeled forwards in seeming agony. “I’m a man… That’s impossible.”

“Impossible’s here, Doctor. We need to pray for God’s mercy.”

“This isnae the work of God.” Haliburton looked back at me, eyes more ferocious than before. *“What have you done, Clara?”*

I was stunned. “Me?”

“Aye, you. This all started with you.”

“No, it didn’t. We’re not the only ones who are…” I was more careful this time, “… sick.”

Haliburton doubled over, face nearly against the porch. “Tell me how to make it stop… Whatever witchcraft you’ve pulled, make it stop…” Then sounded greater cries of pain. *“HELP ME! STOP IT! KILL IT! GET IT OUT!”*

It was my turn for rage, but delivered with a deceivingly warm air; the one before a tempest. “Sorry, Doctor. That isnae God’s will.”

Haliburton yelled upwards, then was sent onto his back, as if snapped backwards by my very words. Possessed. He looked possessed. There was a damp spot below his bulging gut, and I realised his yell had been a hark. *It* was arriving. And the labour was as impossible as the pregnancy itself, lasting only seconds.

Then something exited Dr Haliburton.

With no natural means of escape, the thing tore through the doctor’s groin and the crotch of his jeans, bringing with it a flood of screaming and innards. Haliburton’s torment was short-lived, mercifully; his cries died in a gargle of blood, and he lay unmoving on his back, mangled from the waist down. My own cry of horror, on the other hand, persisted into the night as I eyed the birthed thing on the driveway.

*It was crawling towards me.*

A newborn thing. A fleshy thing. A vaguely humanoid thing with facial features bulbous and misshapen. More than that, it was too developed. Too knowledgeable in the eyes, and too dexterous in movement.

I nearly tripped over myself as I backed through the open front door, then I threw it closed on the abomination.

And a gentle knocking followed.

I’ve been listening for three hours. Listening to the knocks, my father’s snores, and the distant shrieks from other islanders. The babies are arriving.

There is a wet patch below my own bulge, and the contractions have started. I pray my parasite finds a natural exit, but I’m not afraid of dying during childbirth. I’m afraid of surviving.

What comes [next?](
Title: I followed my neighbor’s flute into my goat pen. I barely survived.

The night I followed my neighbor’s flute into the goat pen is the night I learned animals can dance.

We live in a small community of 5 houses. Most people who are born here die here. That’s why my neighbours' move felt so sudden. At first, I thought this was a rich person trying to buy out the community, but the man came on foot. 

He had but a small backpack and a flute. No expensive clothing, only a big coat. I could barely make out his face when I first saw him.

My wife and I went to visit. Strange sounds echoed through the house as he came to the door, like hooves clacking against a wooden floor. He barely stuck his head out; his hood was still on. He had a weird, almost animalistic odour. I asked if he owns any goats, as I do, but his answer was very dismissive, and shortly after, he said his goodbyes and retreated.

“Wasn’t that strange, Hannah?”

“Yes, but the young man probably wants to be left alone.”

“I don’t know what happened to this generation. We used to have respect for our neighbours and tried to build friendships with them.”

“C’mon Philip, don’t talk like an old, bitter man.”

“I’m not being bitter, I’m just stating the truth.”

A strange occurrence happened the day after the visit. When I went to milk the goats, Farner, the male goat, was eyeing me before I entered. I knew to be wary of all the males I owned, but Farner was usually very calm, so his strange demeanour surprised me. 

I could tell even the females were feeling strange. When I came close, they would tense up and try to move away from my hands when I milked them. 

Then a low, grumbling bleat echoed. Farner stood much closer, pawing at the ground with his hoof. His horns and head were angled in my direction.

I slowly backed out of the enclosure, my eyes fixed on Farner.

I called my veterinarian friend immediately.

Later that day, one of my old neighbours made his way towards my yard.

“Hey Phil, you don’t happen to have found two of my goats this morning, do you?”

“Nope, still only have my four,” I laughed.

“Dammnit. Two of my male goats ran off at night. They were old geezers like us. I don’t understand how they jumped over the fence.”

“Maybe they’ll return. I would wait until tomorrow.”

“Yeah, yeah.” My neighbour muttered and walked away.

That night, I woke up needing to use the bathroom. 

A strange sound carried through the wind. It was a beautiful and ominous melody played by the flute. I’ve never heard anything like it before and was strangely drawn to it.

Soon, I was walking down the hall.

After a few steps, I tried to turn around, but I was being pulled by unknown forces, unable to control myself.

My body then mechanically stepped down the stairs and followed the sound to my animals.

A shadowy figure stood before the enclosure. It had the same coat as my neighbour had. Its head was exposed, and two little horns stood on top of its head. The legs were not of a human but of a goat with large, hairy thighs and hooves at the bottom of them. He was playing the flute and jumping from one to another to the rhythm of his music.

All of my goats were standing on their back legs, too, jumping to the same rhythm.

I walked over the enclosure's fence and started dancing with the goats. It was at this moment that the creature noticed me and stopped playing his flute.

The goats fell to the ground and looked around, confused. The figure hummed a different melody, sounding angered and frustrated. My thoughts scattered as I realised what occurred. The wet mud felt strange beneath my feet. I could smell something coppery in the air.

Before I could fully collect myself, Farner rammed into me from behind, knocking me down.

My face hit the dirt hard. I could feel the cold dirt on my body.

The goats then started jumping on me. I wanted to fight back, but my old body was too weak. All I could hear was the cracking of my bones and the angry bleats of my goats. My wife’s face flashed before my eyes before I fully lost consciousness.

I woke up the next morning in a puddle of mud and my blood. My wife was the one to wake me back to life. At first, I thought she was an angel. The doctor said I was lucky to make it out alive.

It took several days to notice that our neighbour had left his house. It’s been a year now, and he still hasn’t come back. I am still carrying the injuries from my strange encounter.

At night, a heavy rainstorm came. This morning I found hoofprints in the mud. The goats are starting to stare strangely again.
Title: It was Supposed to be a Routine Traffic Stop. I still can’t Explain What Happened Next.

The call came in just before five in the morning.

That dead stretch of time where the night shift starts convincing itself it’s almost over, but the sun still hasn’t earned the right to come up yet. The roads were empty in that uneasy way, like everyone else had the good sense to be asleep.

Single vehicle. Hazard lights on. Partially blocking the shoulder of a two lane road. No reports of a crash. No response from the driver.

My partner, Dan, was driving. Windows cracked. Cold air pouring into the cruiser, sharp enough to keep us awake after a long night. The radio murmured low, nothing else pending. We talked just to talk. Half jokes, half complaints, anything to keep the silence from taking over.

“Probably someone passed out” Dan said. “Drunk or high.”

“Or pretending to be” I said.

He glanced at me and smirked. “You always assume the worst.”

I didn’t answer. At that hour, the worst usually assumes you.

We saw the car about a mile down the road. No other vehicles. No nearby houses. Just trees pressing in on both sides of the road, branches arching overhead like they were listening.

Dan slowed the cruiser and pulled in behind it. The clock on the dash read 4:53 AM.

I remember that time exactly, because I remember thinking we were close enough to the end of shift that this would be quick. A knock on the window. Maybe a tow.

I was wrong.

Dan wasn’t new to the job.

He’d been on the street longer than I had. Longer than most. The kind of cop whose name people recognized, not because he was loud or friendly, but because he was always around when things went sideways.

He was competent. Confident. Comfortable in a way you only get after years of walking away from scenes you shouldn’t have.

We’d been paired together because of a rotation. Temporary, on paper. In reality, it felt like being handed someone else’s shadow and told to make it work.

Dan didn’t explain things. He didn’t need to. He moved with the ease of someone who already knew how this stop would go before we ever pulled over.

That’s what bothered me.

Not that he broke protocol but that he knew which parts could be bent without consequences.

He shut off the headlights as we stopped behind the sedan.

I followed him out, gravel crunching under our boots. The air was sharp, cold enough to sting. The sedan sat motionless, hazard lights pulsing in the dark.

Dan took the driver’s side without asking.

I adjusted, stepping wider.

“Stay back” he said quietly, not turning around. “Let me wake him.”

That wasn’t how we did things. Not with an unresponsive driver. Not on a dark road with no backup.

But Dan was already knocking.

Firm. Controlled. Two sharp knocks against the glass.

Nothing.

He knocked again, harder this time.

“Sir” he called out. “Police.”

Still nothing.

The hazard lights kept blinking.

I watched Dan’s reflection in the side window. His face was calm. Focused. Almost… patient.

Like he was waiting for something.

Dan knocked again.

Harder. 

I stepped towards the passenger side.

The sound echoed too loudly in the empty road. For a second, nothing happened. Then the shape in the driver’s seat shifted.

The man had been slumped back, head resting against the seat, chin tilted up like he was asleep with his mouth slightly open. When he moved, it was slow and deliberate, like his body had to remember how.

He sat upright.

I saw his eyes immediately.

They were open too wide. Not blinking. Not focusing. Just staring straight ahead through the windshield like he was looking past the road, past the trees, past us.

Something was wrong with them.

At first, I thought it was glare. The angle. The low light. But as my eyes adjusted, I saw it clearly, his pupils were clouded, the dark swallowed by a milky haze. Scar tissue, maybe. Thick and uneven, like something had been healing over his eyes for a long time.

Dry blood clung to the corners, crusted near the tear ducts. Thin lines ran down his cheeks, old enough to have darkened, like he’d cried blood and then just… stopped.

He didn’t turn his head.

Didn’t react to the knock.

Didn’t look at Dan or at me.

He just stared forward, breathing shallow, chest barely moving.

“Sir?” Dan said, voice steady. Professional. “Can you hear me?”

No response.

I shifted closer, trying to catch the man’s eyes from a different angle. Nothing changed. No tracking. No flinch.

He wasn’t looking through us.

He wasn’t looking at anything.

“Dan” I said quietly. “I think he’s blind.”

Dan didn’t answer right away.

He leaned closer to the glass, peering in, studying the man’s face like an object. No urgency. No surprise.

“Maybe” he said. “Or maybe he doesn’t want to look at us.”

That wasn’t a joke.

That wasn’t concern either.

The driver’s lips parted.

For a second, I thought he was going to speak. I leaned in, instinctively angling my ear closer to the cracked window.

Instead, his jaw tightened.

His breathing hitched.

And then he whispered something so quiet I almost missed it.

Not to Dan.

Not to me.

Just… out loud.

The man’s lips moved again.

This time, sound came out.

It spilled from him in a fast, breathless rush. Too quick to grab onto, the syllables crashing together like he was afraid to slow down.

“Dtrussim. Dtrussim dtrus…”

I leaned closer, trying to catch it.

“What?” I said. “Sir, what did you say?”

He didn’t stop.

The words, or whatever they were, kept tumbling out, clipped and urgent, each one bleeding into the next. No pauses. No space to separate them.

I looked at Dan. “What is he saying?”

Dan stepped back from the door, straightening up. His face stayed neutral, but his eyes flicked to me for just a second longer than necessary.

“Nothing” he said. “He’s probably on drugs.”

The man’s breathing grew harsher, the sounds forcing their way out of him now.

“Dtrussim, dtruss”

It made my skin crawl. Not because I understood it but because it felt directed. Like the sounds were aimed, even if the meaning wasn’t.

I reached for my radio. “Dispatch, we’ve got a driver who’s”

The man suddenly inhaled hard, a sharp gasp like he’d been holding his breath too long.

His head turned.

Not his eyes.

Just his face.

Toward me.

“Dtrussim” he forced out one last time.

Then he went rigid.

We got the door open without much resistance.

Dan reached in first, cutting the engine, shifting the car into park. The driver didn’t fight us when we told him to step out. He moved stiffly, like his joints weren’t fully listening to him, but he complied. No sudden motions. No aggression.

Just wrong.

Up close, the damage to his eyes was worse. The clouding wasn’t uniform thicker in places, uneven, like scar tissue that had grown without supervision. He still didn’t look at either of us. His head stayed forward, chin slightly raised, breathing shallow and fast.

“Easy” I said, keeping my voice low as we guided him onto the shoulder. “You’re okay.”

I wasn’t sure if that was for him or me.

Dan stood close behind him, one hand already near the man’s shoulder, like he was waiting for an excuse.

I keyed my radio. “Dispatch, roll an ambulance for us. We’ve got a male, non-responsive. Possible medical.”

The driver swayed on his feet. I adjusted my grip, steadying him. His clothes were damp with sweat despite the cold, his skin hot under my gloves.

For a second, everything felt under control.

Then his hand shot out.

He grabbed the front of my vest, fingers digging in hard enough to yank me forward. His strength caught me off guard not explosive, just desperate, frantic. I fell to one knee, hard. I quickly regained my balance.

“Hey!” I shouted.

His face twisted, jaw clenching, teeth grinding together. The sounds came back, louder now, spilling out of him in a breathless rush.

“Dtruss, dtruss….”

Spit hit my cheek.

I froze.

Training tells you to create distance. To disengage. But all I could see was how damaged he was. How lost. This wasn’t an attack, it was panic. A man drowning, grabbing the nearest thing.

“Easy” I said again, hands up, trying to peel his fingers away without escalating. “You’re okay. Help’s coming.”

That hesitation lasted maybe half a second.

Dan didn’t hesitate at all.

He surged forward, grabbed the man by the shoulder, and drove him down hard. The driver hit the ground with a dull thud, air exploding out of his lungs.

“Dan!” I shouted.

Too late.

Dan followed him down, knee planted firmly in the man’s back. The driver cried out, more in shock than pain, arms scrambling uselessly against the pavement.

“Stop resisting” Dan barked, loud enough for the body cam. Loud enough to justify what he was doing.

The man wasn’t resisting.

Dan yanked him over, forcing him flat, then delivered a sharp kick to the man’s side. Not necessary. Not reactive.

Intentional.

“Dan, that’s enough!” I said, pulling him back.

Dan stepped away slowly, breathing steady, like he’d just finished something routine. Something practiced.

The driver lay there gasping, curled slightly on his side, the sounds gone now. His eyes stared up at the sky, unfocused, tears cutting clean lines through the dried blood on his face.

The radio crackled. Dispatch confirmed EMS was en route.

Dan looked down at the man, then back at me.

“He grabbed you” he said flatly. “You hesitated.”

I didn’t answer.

Because he was right.

And because the way he said it made my stomach turn.

EMS arrived a few minutes later.

The paramedics moved fast, professional, unfazed by the dried blood or the man’s unfocused stare. After a brief exchange, they asked if one of us could ride along. Given the man’s behavior, it made sense.

“I’ll go” I said.

Dan didn’t argue. He just nodded and followed the ambulance out in the cruiser.

Inside, the air smelled like antiseptic and rubber gloves. The man lay strapped to the stretcher, chest rising and falling in shallow bursts. The medic checked his vitals while the ambulance pulled back onto the road.

That’s when I felt it.

His eyes were on me.

Not unfocused anymore. Not staring through the windshield. Locked directly onto my face.

I shifted slightly, thinking it was coincidence.

It wasn’t.

He never blinked.

The medic spoke to him, asked him his name, the date, where he was. No response. Just that stare. Unbroken. Intent.

Then his lips moved.

Soft this time. Almost tender.

“Dtrussim.”

I froze.

He repeated it again. Slower. Still smashed together. Still quiet enough that the medic didn’t notice.

“Dtruss…im.”

Over and over. A whisper timed to the hum of the road. Each repetition pressed deeper under my skin.

I broke eye contact and stared at the metal cabinet across from me until the ambulance slowed and pulled into the hospital bay.

At the hospital, the man was checked in and placed in a room under observation. He was being held pending medical clearance. Nothing major on paper. Until he was medically cleared, he was our responsibility.

Dan and I stood outside the room while a doctor tried, and failed to get anything coherent out of him.

“He’s not giving me much” the doctor said. “Could be psychiatric. Could be neurological. Hard to say.”

Dan nodded. “We’ll wait.”

When the doctor left, Dan leaned closer to me.

“You good?” he asked.

“Yeah” I said.

He studied me for a second, then smirked. “You hesitated back there.”

“I didn’t want to hurt him.”

Dan shrugged. “That’s how people get hurt.”

There it was. Again. That subtle push.

“Have my back” he added quietly. “That’s all I ask.”

It wasn’t the first time he’d said something like that.

And it wasn’t the worst thing he’d ever done.

Months earlier, an officer involved shooting. Clean on paper. Too clean. Dan claimed the suspect reached for a weapon. A weapon that hadn’t been there before.

I saw where it came from.

I’d lived with that knowledge every day since. Lived with the guilt. With the fear. With the understanding that I had a wife and a daughter who depended on me coming home.

I’d decided then that I would report it. Carefully. The right way.

Dan had no idea.

At least, I didn’t think he did.

“I’m gonna hit the bathroom” Dan said. “Grab something from the vending machine.”

Dan’s footsteps faded down the hall.

Not all at once. Just far enough that the sound thinned, stretched, and finally stopped belonging to this room.

That’s when the man sat up.

No strain. No warning. One moment he was slack against the mattress, the next his spine was straight, shoulders squared, restraints drawn tight across his wrists.

I stared.

“I had to force your attention” he said.

The words were calm. Elevated. Placed carefully, like each one mattered.

My mouth opened. Nothing came out.

“You would have passed me otherwise” he continued. “Men like you always do. You see people every day and never really see them.”

I felt my pulse in my ears.

“So I stopped you.”

The room felt smaller.

“I called it in myself” he said. “I chose the road. I chose the hour. I waited.”

My thoughts scattered. The only thing I could manage was a quiet, stunned,

“What the fuck…”

He didn’t acknowledge it.

“I don’t sleep” he said. “I don’t rest. I don’t forget.”

He lifted his chin slightly.

“They come whether I want them or not.”

I followed his gaze to his eyes.

“I tried to shut the door” he went on. “Tried to blind the part of me that watches.”

His voice didn’t change.

“I burned them. Cut them. Let them scar over. Thought if I couldn’t see the world, I wouldn’t see what comes next.”

A faint, exhale.

“It didn’t help.”

My hands were shaking now.

“They don’t arrive as thoughts” he said. “They arrive whole. Complete. Like standing in a room after everything’s already happened.”

He leaned forward just slightly.

“That’s how I saw him.”

My stomach dropped.

“He feels you pulling away” the man said. “He knows you carry guilt. Men like him recognize that.”

The words pressed in on me.

“He knows you’ll talk” he continued. “Eventually. And he can’t allow that.”

The air felt thick.

“He has too much invested” the man said. “Too many stories already told.”

Then the vision unfolded.

Not rushed. Not shouted. Recited.

“He goes to your house when he knows you’re not there” the man said. “He chooses a time when the walls are quiet and the floors remember every step.”

My chest tightened.

“Your wife hears the door” he continued. “She thinks it’s you. She even smiles.”

I felt sick.

“She’s knocked to the floor in the kitchen, she reaches for her phone” he said. “She keeps it on the counter. Screen down.”

My fingers curled.

“He steps on her hand” the man said softly. “Not enough to crush it. Just enough that the bones slide.”

My breath hitched.

“When she reaches again, he breaks her arm higher up” he went on. “Above the wrist. Clean. The sound is sharp in a quiet kitchen.”

My vision blurred.

“She tries to scream” he said. “Her breath leaves first.”

The words kept coming.

“He pins her against the counter” the man said. “Not angry. Careful. He needs her to stay conscious.”

I could barely breathe.

“She crawls” he went on. “One arm dragging wrong. The other shaking too badly to hold her weight.”

A pause.

“She thinks about your daughter” he said. “Not you.”

My knees felt weak.

“She doesn’t get far.”

The hum of the room felt deafening.

“You come home later” the man said. “You smell it before you see her.”

Footsteps echoed faintly somewhere down the hall.

“You clear the house” he continued. “Room by room. Because that’s who you are.”

His voice dropped.

“He waits for you in the hallway where the walls narrow.”

My heart slammed.

“He shoots you once” the man said. “Low. Enough to keep you awake.”

The door handle shifted slightly.

“He kneels beside you” he whispered. “Tells you this didn’t have to happen.”

The door opened.

Dan stepped back into the room.

The man collapsed instantly, like his spine had been cut loose. His head lolled back against the pillow, eyes unfocused, ruined again.

“Dtrussim,” he whispered under his breath. “Dtrussim…”

Dan glanced at him, unimpressed.

“Guy say anything useful?” he asked.

I couldn’t answer.

Because it sounded like madness.

And because it sounded like a memory that hadn’t happened yet.

After what felt like forever stuck at the hospital 2 officers showed up to take our place.

“Sergeant wants you guys to head back, get started on the paper work.”

It made sense but I wasn’t happy about it. Paperwork after the day we had sounded like hell. 

 Dan drove us back to the precinct without saying much.

He seemed tired. Genuinely so. The kind of tired you get after too many years on nights, when the adrenaline wears off and all that’s left is routine.

Inside, he stretched his shoulders and let out a long breath.

“I’m beat” he said. “You good to handle the paper work on this one?”

That caught me off guard. Normally he’d insist on walking everything through himself.

“Yeah” I said. “I’ve got it.”

He nodded. “Appreciate it. I’m gonna head home and get some sleep.”

No edge. No tension. Just another shift ending.

As he walked toward the door, he paused.

“Hey” he said, glancing back at me. “Don’t overthink tonight. Guy was messed up. Shit happens.”

Then he was gone.

I stared at the report longer than I should have, rereading the same lines without absorbing them. Whatever the man had said in the hospital felt distant now. Like something overheard in a dream.

Fatigue does that. It makes memories unreliable. Sounds blur. Meaning slips.

By the time the light outside started to soften, I realized I still hadn’t shaken the feeling in my chest.

So I pulled up the body cam.

I told myself I was just being thorough.

The audio was messy at first. Road noise. Breathing. Static. When the man spoke, it still sounded rushed, broken. Exactly how I remembered it.

Almost.

I isolated the clip. Slowed it down.

And there it was.

“Don’t trust him.”

I replayed it again at normal speed. This time I was sure. The man was never speaking incoherently. He was speaking with fear. He had been trying to warn me from the start.

I sat back, suddenly aware of how long I’d been awake. How easy it would be to convince myself I was reaching. Connecting dots that didn’t belong together.

Still… the feeling wouldn’t go away.

I replayed it again at normal speed. This time I was sure. The man was never speaking incoherently. He was speaking with fear. He had been trying to warn me from the start.

I called my wife.

She answered while moving around the house, voice normal, distracted.

“Hey” she said. “You alive?”

“Barely” I said. “Listen… this might sound dumb, but can you guys go to your sister’s tonight?”

She laughed lightly. “What? Why?”

“I don’t know” I said. “I just need you to trust me.”

There was a pause. Not fear. Just confusion.

“…Okay” she said. “That’s weird, but okay.”

She put the phone down while she grabbed a bag. I stayed on the line, listening to the sounds of our house. Cabinets opening. Footsteps. Familiar, comforting things.

“I’m loading the car” she said. “Hold on.”

The back door opened.

Then she stopped talking.

“What?” I asked.

“I thought I heard something” she said. “Outside.”

My chest tightened.

“What kind of something?”

“I don’t know” she said. “Like the garbage cans.”

I stood up.

“Don’t go out there” I said.

“I already am” she replied casually. “Relax.”

I heard gravel crunch. Plastic scrape.

Then she laughed.

“Raccoon” she said. “Big one. Took off when I opened the door.”

I let out a slow breath.

“Scared me for a second” she added. “Okay, we’re leaving now.”

A moment passed. The engine started.

“I’m pulling out of the driveway as we speak honey. Please tell me what’s going on.”

Before I can speak she started to talk again.

“Huh.” She said.

“What?”

“I think I just saw your partner.”

My stomach dropped.

“What do you mean?”

“A car just flew past me” she said. “Pretty sure that was Dan.”

“Which way was he going?” I asked.

“I don’t know” she said. “He just passed us as we were pulling out. Drove by quick.”

A beat.

“He looked pissed” she added, almost offhand.

I closed my eyes.

“Just go don’t stop for anything” I said.

But my voice didn’t sound right.

I made her stay on the phone with me the whole time. They made it to her sister’s before it got dark.

Safe.

Only then did the full weight of it settle in.

Dan had left the precinct tired.
Dan had driven past my house.
Dan hadn’t called.

I requested a unit go to my sister in laws house and watch out for my family.

I’m still at my desk as I write this.

In a few minutes, I’m going upstairs to tell my supervisors everything. The shooting. The footage. The truth about Dan.

I don’t know what happens after that.

I only know this.

If I had gone home after this mountain of paperwork, if I had ignored a warning that sounded like exhaustion and madness, my wife and daughter wouldn’t be sleeping at her sister’s tonight.

And I wouldn’t be sitting here, trying to put this into words before someone else gets the chance to tell my story for me.
Title: Down Where the Fishes Glow - Part 5

[Part 1](

[Part 2](

[Part 4](

I felt heat on my face. I grimaced. It was like I was waking from a sleep that had lasted thousands of years. I became aware of the water all around me, although I couldn’t piece together what that meant. For some time, my thoughts just drifted along, just as my body did on the surface of the water. Eventually, the darkness around me gave way to a faint reddish tinge, which I realised was the light of the sun against the back of my eyelids.

I was confused. I could hear the sounds of a gently swishing ocean and seagulls cawing overhead. I tried to remember, but everything was shattered. I wasn’t even sure who I was at that point. I was essentially a baby, reduced to a state of nothing, and, ready or not, having to start learning about the world around it.

I didn’t want to open my eyes because I didn’t want to know where ‘here’ was. In that moment, I didn’t need to accept either reality – if I had been just dreaming or if I really had been through that whole… experience. I didn’t want to know. I wanted to just be. The weight of either possibility was too crushing to bear, so I just put it off.

I suppose I would have kept on putting it off for much longer if it hadn’t been for a new sound piercing my peace. It was a voice, which startled me. I still didn’t want to look, though. I didn’t want to know. It called out again. Still, I prayed it would stop. It was only on the third call that I realised what the sound was saying. It was a word that I should have known well but nearly didn’t recognise – my own name.

I finally opened my eyes and immediately needed to shield them with my hand. The light of the world around me rushed in. They ached from the light, but I could see. It didn’t take long for them to adjust and for me to spot the source of all the noise. It was a man I didn’t recognise but knew to be Youssouf, aboard the same boat I had disembarked some time ago. He was waving at me in a panic, his own eyes telling of his concern. Looking down, I realised where that look came from; I was completely naked.

Youssouf got me aboard and wrapped in a towel. He kept asking me what had happened, but I had no words for him. I just sat in the corner staring at the floor, trying to make sense of everything. I couldn’t help but stare at his face. Something was off about it; it looked wrong. Like the feeling of walking into a room but all the furniture having been rearranged. It was the same, but not as I remembered. I think he felt the same about me, eventually giving up and just focusing on guiding the boat back to shore. That was when I had a question of my own for him. I asked him how long I had been gone. He answered that it had been barely over an hour.

The rest of the ride back was done in silence. When we got back to shore, Youssouf fetched some old, ill-fitting clothes for me to get me back to the hotel. When we arrived, I thanked him briefly and gave him the agreed wage plus a sizable tip. Mission accomplished… He took the money and left without a word. That was the last I saw of him. At that point, I think he was more than happy to be done with me.

I spent the remaining days of my time in Domoni locked in my hotel room. I couldn’t bear the thought of the outside world. If I even stepped out onto my balcony, I could feel the world’s eyes on me, like they were regarding me as the freak I was. I was convinced they were watching me, and my only refuge was the four walls of my tiny room.

Physically, I was in good shape. I had no wounds to speak of. Even bruises and cuts that I got in the cave had disappeared completely, as if they had never been there at all. As for my eyes, they were also perfectly fine, if not better than ever. Before, my vision was never perfect, and I was just a few years off from needing glasses or surgery. Now, I can see things from far away, and everything appears with a crispness that I haven’t experienced in a number of years. All in all, I had never felt healthier.

On the other hand, mentally I was a mess. I would oscillate wildly between crying and laughing in my moments of mania before crashing into a deep depression that left me bedbound for hours at a time. I was assaulted by visions that mystified and terrified me. This cycle was only broken once a day when I would have to go to the door and tell room service not to come in. I didn’t eat or drink anything. You may not believe me, but I still haven’t. The very thought of food sickens me. The last meal I had was the meagre breakfast I had that morning before setting off.

I spent 5 days trapped in that loop before a notification popped up on my phone reminding me of my trip back home. This brought me back from my insanity just enough to get everything packed and to set off on the long journey. I was in a daze for most of this, and my memory is blurred. I can mostly just remember being slumped vacantly in a seat until reaching my next transfer, again and again until, at long last, I was curled up in my own bed for the first time in a long time. What I could not have prepared for was how alien it felt when I finally did.

Six months have passed since then. I used to have things like a job, friends, and even a steady girlfriend. They don’t matter now. When they saw me – the me that returned from the cave – I knew they no longer recognised me, just as I no longer did them. I was like someone wearing the skin of another they loved, and for me it was the same. It’s like we are stuck on the opposite sides of a distorted mirror, with the reflections being too difficult to see. I have been well and truly alone for the past 5 months. At least, almost.

Late at night, most nights, I can still feel that deep rumble coming from beneath the earth. I can just feel the being, still out there and calling to me from deep in the Earth’s crust. I find it difficult to sleep, but when I do, I often dream of the cave. It’s a full-body experience. I can feel the water still around me, hear the whispers of the others, and see the twisting and dancing shapes play out before my eyes. The only thing I cannot see is the being itself. As many times as I try to look at it, there is only darkness that greets me. Everything else is perfect, but that remains a large dark cloud obscuring the magnificence of the being ahead of me.

It is torture. I don’t mean the loneliness, the visions, or the looming threat of madness. What haunts me to this day is that I never got to see it for myself. I was so lucky to bask in its glory, yet it seems like a most dreadful cosmic joke that my journey to the centre of the divine would rob me of my faculties to experience it in its completeness. I have a whole sketchpad of drawings next to me right now, a hobby that I only recently took up. I found it a good way to get the madness out of my head and onto paper. I have drawn the divine a thousand different ways, in a thousand different styles, but none of these pathetic scribbles have ever amounted to anything. They have never felt right, and I know I am only chasing the shadow of something I could never hope to reproduce. They always feel wrong – something is missing, and I have no idea what it is. I pray that the others will pierce the veil and whisper the answer to me, but, so far, I remain unanswered. I yearn for contact with them because I know now that I am one of them.

A few weeks ago, I came to a realisation that I would never again feel peace as I am right now. I don’t have much money left at this point, but there is just enough for another trip, one way. I need to go back. I need to see it. I honestly don’t know if I can survive the journey to the centre again. Truthfully, I am doubtful. But there is no other way. Whether I die or not, I know I am going where I belong. My place with those of the surface has been over since that day. I need to rejoin it. I need to see it. I need to be with it, for now and forever. I know my true place in life, and it is not here.

If you yourself hear the call, all you need to do is listen.
Title: My Vision Is Blurry, And I Am Scared Of What Lies In The Periphery.

To whoever finds this, please don't look for me. My name is Jessenia and I no longer live here.

I saw a little boy across the road next to where I live. He was standing at the tree line near the forest with his back turned to me. It was a little eerie for how long he stood there, but as a mother myself, I couldn't help but grow concern for his well being. Was he lost? And if he was, how could his mother be so careless to just let him wonder off like that? Then, after taking only a brief step in his general direction, he began to walk down a slope towards the forest.

"Hey little boy!" I called out to him, awkwardly trying to keep the giant bag of food I had just gotten from the food bank from falling out of my arms as I crossed the street. "Hey, where's your mommy?" He didn't respond, but just kept walking further and further down the slope. He was getting to the point where I could barely see the top of his head. I quickened my pace to catch up to him, but he disappeared out of my line of sight for a couple of seconds.

"Hey wait-" suddenly, as I had stepped onto the sidewalk, I had regained my vision on him. However, I noticed he was very deep into the woods. I'm not a scientist or whatever, but even if he had slid down this slope, for one, there's no way he would look as clean as he did with all the rain, mud and dirt he'd have splashed around in. And two, I was basically running across the street. It only took me like 5 seconds to get there and he was only out of my sight for maybe 2 or 3 seconds. The distance he had travelled looked like it would have taken at least 20 seconds. And that's if you were running.

I watched a lot of horror movies growing up. I always hated the idea of being in any horror situation. And at that moment, I knew I was in a spot where if I go down that slope, I may not be coming back up. Mi abuela and I are very religious and we had a fascination with the supernatural when I was a little girl, but I never did anything weird. I didn't draw demonic symbols, I always kept a bible near me and I always prayed to god every night before going to sleep. I'll admit, I should have probably kept doing that last part.

I can't go down there. Everything is telling me not to go down there. It just doesn't feel right. But I also can't just leave him there. It's still raining really hard and if I abandon him, he could catch a cold or worse. After thinking for a good minute, I had a much better idea. I set my groceries down and adjusted my glasses, pulling out my cellphone to call 911.

"911, what's your emergency?"

"Yes hi, my name's Jessenia" I answered, pacing back and forth worriedly. "I'm by my apartment complex and there's a little boy who looks like he's lost in the forest. Can someone come down and help him?"

"Absolutely. Can we please get the address to where you're calling from?"

"Yes, thank you so much. I'm at East Holmes Apartments and my address is-"

The call ended. I looked at my phone. It was fully charged. Maybe I'm just getting bad service because of the rain? I don't know how cellphones work, but I tried calling them again. After it rang once or twice, it just hung up again.

*There's no way they're actually hanging up on me. I literally just told them about a little boy lost in the woods... This is an emergency for goodness sake!* I thought to myself. I shoved my phone back into my pocket and looked down to where the boy was at. He was still standing there.

I brought my finger to my lips and started chewing on it anxiously, looking around for someone, anyone to help. I DON'T want to go down there, but I can't live with myself if this is actually just a little boy who needs help. I kicked my foot down onto the pavement like a frustrated horse.

"Alright, DON'T MOVE! I'm coming down!"

I really, REALLY regret doing this.

I tried to balance myself as I took careful steps down the slope, occasionally sliding on the grass, fallen leaves and sticks a little, semi-surfing my way down before getting my footing back. I really didn't want my dress to get dirty, let alone fall all the way down and break something.

As I finally reached the solid, flat ground near the edge of the forest, I noticed he still hadn't moved at all. And now that I got a closer look at him, I could make out his details a little better. He had black hair and a bowl haircut, wearing blue suspenders over a brown long sleeve shirt. From what I could judge, he didn't seem to be more than maybe 8 or 9 years old and he looked fairly pale from what I could see.

I walked cautiously into the forest, with slow steady steps, barely even a few inches inside as I called out to him. "Hey... Let's go find your mommy... ok?" He gave no response. "I'm sure she's..." And as I got closer to him, "... worried..."

He walked further into the forest.

Nope.

I turned myself around, ready to run full sprint, but the forests edge was no longer there. Instead, a giant dark tree had appeared in my way, with more trees that stretched for what looked like miles. They were all dark and mangled. Some had leaves that looked like they were rotting for years, some had no leaves at all but the tips of the branches looked shriveled with decay. I took a few steps back, stopping myself with a small jump when I remembered the boy was still behind me.

I only turned my head just enough to see him in my periphery. I couldn't tell what he was doing, only that I knew he was getting closer. And while that was a terrifying thing to notice, there was something even worse.

I couldn't hear him. I couldn't hear the twigs on the ground snapping from his footsteps. I couldn't hear his clothes rubbing together. I couldn't even hear him breathing. But I KNEW he was getting closer.

Tears were welling up in my eyes. I shut them tight, squeezing my arms straight down into my sides, trying to keep them as stiff as possible. I couldn't help but feel them trembling as my hands clenched to the point where I think I almost made my palms bleed. I muttered a prayer and shook my head, hoping this was just some sort of bad dream. Suddenly, I finally heard something. It was a light breeze that tickled my nose.

I opened my eyes and he was in front of me. His body was facing me but his head looked like it didn't change direction at all. Like the back of his head I saw earlier was now facing me, despite his body facing forward. His head started shaking, almost twitching as it leaned down towards me.

Then out of nowhere, a black spray of mist shot out of his head. It was so strong that it had knocked my glasses off and shot straight into my eyes. I fell backwards and cried out, desperately wiping my face of the black liquid as I kicked myself away from him.

Everything was black for so long. It stung to the point where it felt like my pupils were somehow separating from my eyes entirely, like they were about to slide off. I screamed louder as I realized there was no way to get it out. It just stung deeper and deeper into me. It felt like a knife was cutting right down the middle, trying to split my eye in two.

I was struggling for minutes before I could finally open my eyes. I reached out around me and felt my glasses. They were covered in the black liquid and dirt, but I frantically tried to put them on regardless, wiping what I could get off as I slid them onto my face. This was a mistake.

I should have just got up and ran. I shouldn't have put them on. When I did, I saw the little boy in front of me, shaking and contorting into something else. Long, black, sludge-like limbs were bursting out of his ribs, legs and other parts of his body. What made this horrifying was the fact that I couldn't see him clearly.

Now when I say I couldn't see him clearly, you'd think 'well of course you can't, there's probably way too much dirt and gunk on your glasses!' But despite the dirt and grime that coated them, I could make out the trees perfectly. I could see the details within the branches and the leaves, the rocks and twigs on the ground, everything around was in perfectly visible and in focus.

Except for that thing. No matter how hard I tried to focus on it, it remained blurry.

And it was getting closer.

I crawled and stumbled to my feet, tripping over myself, crying out into the forest for anyone to help.

I brushed past the branches, bleeding from each limb as they scratched into me. I leaped over the fallen dead trees, only getting partially stuck in some mud as I tried to get away. I thought I was seeing faces in the trees, twisted and misshaped. I could have sworn on the lord almighty himself that some of them even had eyes. This place was the devils work.

Looking back, I may have only been running half a mile or so, but time made it feel like I was crossing a whole continent. I know I shouldn't have been able to get out, but god must have been watching me from above. I was begging in his name to save me. To guide me towards a light. And he did.

My feet slipped on the wet grass as I fell face first into the slope I had climbed down on. I didn't look back. I gripped the grass and dirt to the point where some felt like they were shoved deep into my nails, clawing with all my might to pull myself all the way up to the top of the slope. I grabbed my bag of groceries and ran across the street to my apartment and locked everything.

I didn't sleep at all that night.

"NO! YOU HUNG UP ON ME!" I screamed at the officer in front of me.

After spending almost the entire next day rocking myself back and forth, occasionally pacing to try and put together in my mind what the heck that thing was, I had finally pulled myself together just enough to turn my fear into a different emotion. Pure anger.

What were they even doing!? I had thought to myself. They're the police for heavens sake! Why did I have to risk MY LIFE just because THEY didn't feel like calling me back!?

These thoughts kept brewing in my head and I must admit, the things I had wished for them were pretty unchristian-like. But I mean, it WAS their fault. They should be held accountable and at the very least, send someone down there to figure out what's even going on. I mean, what if another person goes into the forest? What if they get lost and don't make it out like I barely did? I furiously marched down to the police department and when I reached the front desk, I let them have it.

"WHY WOULD YOU GUYS THINK I'D EVEN HANG UP ON YOU IN AN EMERGENCY LIKE THAT!?" The officer didn't look up at me, no matter how much I screamed at him.

"Ma'am, our department takes each call very seriously with care and concern," the officer said in a monotone voice as he wrote on a piece of paper. He wouldn't even look me in the eye. "If the line was disconnected in anyway, you need to take this up with your current provider-"

"You know what," I interrupted, "I don't EVEN CARE about the line disconnecting. I'm more upset that you guys didn't even send anyone! Can't you guys like trace calls to their locations and stuff!?"

He leaned back in his chair and sighed, bringing his hands to the back of his head. He was looking up at the ceiling for a moment before slowly meeting my gaze. I pivoted my stance, placing a hand on my hip as I stared him down. Why did it seem like he was being so hostile?

His cheek twitched as he cleared is throat awkwardly. "Ma'am, I'm trying my best to be reason-"

"Look," I interrupted. I was getting so worked up that my eyes were starting to water. "There's something bad out there... and if anyone happens to walk by that forest..." I brushed my hair out of my face, trying very hard to keep my composure. "Just..."

He looked down for a moment. Then right back up and me and let out a long, defeated sighed. "Alright ma'am. I'll send someone to check the tree line later today." He reached for his pen and pulled out his notepad. "Can you tell me where this took place?"

I sniffled as I wiped my eyes. "Are you actually going to send someone this time?"

He nodded.

"Alright," I continued, "I live at East Holmes Apartments. The fores-"

He let out a small cough. Then he coughed again as if he was choking on something. However, the look on his face made it seem like he was about to shout something and held it back, forcing out a wheezing, dry cough instead. I leaned forward a bit. Just as I was about to ask him if he was ok, he raised his hand up.

"Hold on," he wheezed, then took a deep inhale and exhale. "I-I just remembered... I need to make a quick call to someone... Just one second."

I raised my eyebrow, then backed up to give him space since he was still coughing a little. He got up and made his way to the back room where he closed the door behind him. I stood there for a little, looking back and forth to see if anyone was around. Then, mischievously, I walked around the desk and just barely close to the window. Fortunately, despite a drawn down curtain covering most of the window to the room, there was just a small enough crack that I could kind of make out what was going on.

He made his way over to a desk and reached underneath it. What he pulled out was a phone. Not a cellphone, not even a modern day landline phone, but a vintage phone you'd see from... I don't know, maybe like the 30's or something?

He put his finger in each one of those weird hole things and pulled them across, dialing a long set of numbers. He held it to his ear for a while before he started speaking. It was hard to hear anything, but from what I could make out when I tried to read his muffled lips, I think this is what he said.

"Yes, this is officer Rick..." It was so hard to hear. I think he gave out his whole name and badge number before continuing. "East Holmes sir... A woman... Close to her mid 30's..."

*I'm only 28, pendejo*, I thought to myself.

"... -e step in?... -ear (something?) forest... No, where (division?) 7 was-... "

I was getting really uncomfortable with this. I wrapped my arms around myself nervously as I tried to keep listening in. It was so hard to make out, but it sounded like just a bunch of confirmations and permission requests at this point.

"... Alright... Will do, sir..." He hung up the phone, put it back under the desk and made his way out of the room. I had darted back in front of the desk by the time he had put the phone away and stood there as nonchalant as I could be. When he got out, I noticed he was much taller then I expected him to be and his whole persona had changed. He didn't look like the same disinterested man that had to deal with customer service anymore. Instead, he looked like he was ready to give me a warning. Like a parent catching a child doing something wrong.

"Everything is under control, ma'am." He now spoke in a more direct, stern tone. "We will be looking into the matter shortly."

I dropped my arms down. "That's it then? Are you gonna send anyon-"

"We will be looking into the matter shortly." He spoke almost with a growl this time.

He picked up his notepad and tucked it into his top pocket. "We recommend you go home. You have a good day, ma'am."

I wanted to say something to him, but as I was trying to figure out the words to say, he straight up just walked away, back into room.

I can't believe what just happened. I made my way back to my apartment frustrated, confused and even more worried then I was before. Are they really sending someone or did they just write me off? And what's with that phone? Why do they need an old landline to talk to their superiors?

When I got back home, I dropped my keys onto the table in front of the couch and went over to feed my fish. They were probably really hungry since I had been out for awhile and completely forgot to feed them this morning. I should probably mention that my son wasn't home at the time when all of this happened (Thank the lord). I had dropped him off at my mom's place for the time being so that I could finish wrapping some early Christmas presents I had gotten him a few weeks before. He had a knack for sneaking into places where he shouldn't and it totally ruined the surprise last year. Not this time, mijo.

I didn't know what the police were going to do, but I hoped and prayed they would do something soon. There wasn't much else I could do on this matter, so I made myself a nice bowl of soup, sat down on my comfy couch and put on a new movie that had just dropped on one of my favorite streaming services. It was a horror movie.

I know, I know. I literally just barely survived my own real life horror movie. But I had been waiting for this one for so long that everything in me told me that I NEEDED to watch this NOW. Plus, something about watching people making dumb decisions in horror films made me feel a little better about myself. Don't judge me.

An hour had passed and I was on to my second bowl of soup. The movie was getting really good, really tense. But something felt off inside of me. I felt tired, yet strangely awake? I thought maybe the soup from the food bank was just bad this time, but I couldn't shake the feeling that something else was going on.

I laid back on my couch to get comfortable, still intently watching the movie when I noticed my vision was going in and out a little. I shook my head and managed to regain my focus on the tv. Maybe it's food poisoning? Then something caught my attention out of the corner of my eye.

There's a light in the hallway that partially reflects off of my fish tank. It usually doesn't reveal that much other then the light source, a walk in closet at the end of the hall and some clothes that I lazily kept in a pile on the floor.

But for a brief moment though, I could have sworn I saw a figure standing just outside of my periphery, also reflecting off of the fish tank.

I wish the movie wasn't as good as it was. It was getting really scary. But now, with my anxiety telling me there was potentially something looming over me, my eyes started to shift just slightly back and forth, unable to make a decision on where I should be looking. Why did my mind have to play tricks on me right at the scariest part of the movie?

I laid there as stiff as I could be. I wanted to blink but thought that might be a bad idea. So I finally relented and shifted my eyes just a little bit to the fish tank. Not by much, just enough to see past the rim of my glasses. There wasn't anyone there. Praise. The. lord.

I closed my eyes and let out a long sigh of relief. I reached for the remote on my table but as I reopened my eyes, I thought I saw the figure again.

But bigger in the reflection.

I froze again. I felt my lungs trying to draw in more air then I should be able to, just to keep up with my rapidly increasing heartbeat. I suppressed it as much as I could, trying to be as quiet as possible with each small breath I could take in. I don't know why, but the presence made it feel like if I started breathing any louder, it would rip into me in the most gruesome way just to silence me. I tried to shift my eyes just a little again, barely able to see once again outside my periphery.

It was there. Long, black, sludge-like limbs and what appeared to be crooked antlers sprouting from its head. Worst of all...

It was twitching. And I couldn't hear it.

How did it know where I lived? How did it get in?

I couldn't hold my tears back. They streamed down my face as I tried to gently gasp in more air. I prayed in my head to make it go away. But then, as I felt like my prayer was long enough to write a novel, a terrible realization had come over me.

I really, really needed to blink.

I fought with every ounce of strength not to, but the salty tears felt like they were stinging into me. Please lord, I prayed to myself, don't let me blink. Please...

But I blinked.

Only for a moment.

And the figure that was reflecting off of the fish tank in my periphery was no longer there.

But instead was now a mere few inches away from the side of my head.

Just barely outside my vision. Blurry and twitching.

I grabbed the blanket and immediately threw it on top of me as I curled up into a ball onto my side. There wasn't anything I could do. My breathing was out of control and if I didn't think of something quick, I felt like I was going to suffocate myself underneath this blanket long before it'd even try to harm me. Should I scream for help? Would the neighbors even hear me in time?

Just then, I felt something touch my shoulder. I whimpered as it pressed down hard, digging what I felt I could best describe as muddy, cold talons into me. The cushions of my comfortable couch felt like they weren't pushing into me as hard anymore.

was pull me up slowly.

I was so terrified that when I tried to cry out, all that escaped me was a squeak of air. A mouse caught by a cat.

It doesn't make sense to me what happened next, but I thank you lord for watching over me. It pulled me up to the point where I was no longer on the couch, just hanging above with my blanket still over me. But then it stopped. Everything was silent. I was just hanging there in air for almost a minute before I heard something that sounded like... a small breeze. Then, out of nowhere, it just dropped me.

I stayed perfectly still for a long, long time. I couldn't hear it before so I had no idea if it was still standing there. I shut my eyes tight and shuffled uncomfortably for a moment. I can't just lay here. I need to know if it's still there. But I was just so petrified with dread. It wants to kill me. So why didn't it do it already?

I gathered myself as much as I could, breathing in as deep as my lungs would let me. Finally, I pulled the blanket off of me. I rolled off the couch, kicking myself up to run for the door away from the creature. But it was gone. Just gone.

I stood in the middle of my apartment for a long while, trying to take everything in. I blinked before realizing my glasses had fallen off the moment I had thrown the blanket over myself. I picked them up and put them on as I turned on every light in the apartment.

Even though all the lights were on, everything was blurry.

I tried readjusting my glasses.

Still blurry.

I hyperventilated and started to cry.

I still don't know for sure what happened, but I think it had stolen my vision from me.

Later on in the week, I went to get new glasses but no matter what they prescribed me, after a few minutes, it would just get blurry again. I tried to be rational. Maybe the food from the food bank did this to me? I had been eating their supplies for a few weeks now. But my thoughts always went back to that creature and the liquid that it sprayed in my eyes. I just don't know.

I can't tell you to this day why I still can't see, but I had decided to move back in with my family to save up money and find a better eye doctor for me. My brothers came to help me get all my stuff into a moving van and I now live with my mom again. She was kind enough to help me write all this out. To this day, it's still hard for me see anything. It's just so blurry all the time. I miss seeing the stars in the sky, the lake where the ducks would swim, the lights of the city, all the beautiful sights I had taken for granted. My sons face...

I have so many questions about everything, but the most important thing that matters to me is to get my vision back. I fear that if I don't, I might start seeing it again. If anyone else feels like they've seen something similar, do yourself a favor.

Run.

Get help.

And don't look.

[Witness Account #1](
Title: Our downfall awaits us

“What was the point of me even bringing you here if all you do is eat the peanuts?" I grumbled as I stubbed my cigarette out on Malcolm’s hand, the red head glancing up at me for only a second to see what was burning him before he looked away, looking up at the baseball game playing on the TV mounted on the bar wall as he mindlessly popped another peanut into his mouth.

“Can you at least deshell them, you mongrel?" I asked the Colombian man while I took a swig of my raspberry martini, boredly spinning the little umbrella that had come with the drink as I watched Malcolm with my head cocked to the side, resting my head on my free hand, sighing through his nose as a playful smile formed on my face.

 “I'm not a mongrel. You’re the mongrel, changeling." The red-head muttered softly as he ate another peanut, not even noticing the man sitting down next to him while he kept watching the game.

“Don't call me a changeling, Mal..” I said with a slight smile before I looked away and to my drink, sitting the drink’s umbrella down to the side before I gestured for the bartender, our good friend Bonnie, to come over while the older man tried to scoot closer to my friend and get his attention.

“Hey, honey, what’s a pretty lady like you doing here, hm?” I heard the man ask as he placed a hand on his lower back and leaned in close, but by then I started tuning the two out since I could feel myself getting annoyed.

“Don't let it bother you too much. You're pretty overprotective for an Aussie, babes.” Bonnie said as she tucked some of her white hair behind her ear, grabbing stuff to make me another Martini while I just kept staring at the bar counter in front of me, and I could feel my annoyance get worse as  I kept trying to make sure I didn't hear Malcolm or the man’s talk.

“You know how he is, Bon. He's more of a succubus than a vampire… It's gonna get him killed.” I muttered lowly, my eyes narrowing as I glanced up at the albino woman, and I could see the look of understanding in her eyes as she placed another Raspberry Martini in front of me.

“He's not a baby anymore. Let him hunt how he wants to hunt, even if that means getting his rocks off in the process.” She said as she tried to give me a reassuring smile before she went to tend to other customers, and I ended up lying my arms on the bar in front of me, playing with the umbrella in the new martini, and a few minutes later I heard Malcolm and the man get up from the bar.

I grabbed the new drink and chugged it before I got up and followed behind them, and I honestly felt like a creep, almost like I was stalking pray as I followed behind them in the San Francisco streets, making sure I was far back enough the old dude wouldn't notice me, but I knew Malcolm could tell I was following them.

I ended up sitting on the floor outside of Malcolm’s apartment, ignoring the rhythmic thumping coming inside as I smoked my seventh cigarette and scrolled on my phone while I waited for Malcolm to finish. It was a few hours later when he opened the apartment door, his long hair disheveled and a bloody smile on his face as he beckoned me to come inside, so I stood up and walked in, stopping once I saw the nearly dead man on the floor of the redhead's apartment.

“Are you done?" I asked as I nudged the body with my boot, the man flickering in and out of consciousness from the blood loss, and Malcolm shut the apartment door before walking over and wrapping his arms around me, and I could feel his green eyes boring into me as I tried to ignore his stare. “Yes, you can eat now, mi querido amigo!” He happily said to me while pulling away and walking off to the kitchen to clean his face.

I feel oddly disgusted for admitting how I ate the man, and each time I take a bite I get the same sense of dread I've had from the start.

I ripped into his body, first ripping his throat open and eating down to his spine to the point that the space from his collar bone and his jaw bone was bare, and he was most definitely dead by then.

Then, I began ripping an arm off from his elbow before I used my nails and teeth to peel his skin off. Its texture is disgusting. Once done peeling, I ate all the muscles, fat, veins, everything, down to the bone while letting myself get covered in the blood, intestinal fluids, everything, like an animal. 

I'm not sure how long it took me to eat his neck, arm, some shoulder meat down to the bone, and then most of his side to where his ribs were visible and a few of his organs were trying to fall out before I finally stopped, but I kept wanting to eat despite being full because of the weird thrill I get for doing something so disgusting.

 I just stared at the body, flesh and what little blood he had left dripping from my face and onto my clothes, and I just stared, and stared, and stared, even as a wave of nausea crashing onto me like it always did every time I ate, I just kept staring while I remembered how much I hated eating people, but something about them was just so much better than animals, and the plus side was that it helps hide the people Malcolm has fed on.

It makes me think of the first time I ate a person back around 1912. I was a teenager and I was starving on the streets when someone came up to me with a pouch of money, offering me a deal that was basically I had to eat someone, still alive, and he'd give me money. If I didn't take it he said he would beat the shit out of me, and then make me watch as I got gutted alive, just for him to finish by strangling me with my own intestines if I wasn't already dead by then.

I knew he wouldn't be able to kill me just like that so I wasn't worried, but I was so hungry and the thought of eating someone had never occurred to me, so in that moment it wasn't all that unappealing to think about. Now that I'm older I can safely say this was some weird fetish stuff this guy had, and not sure what it would be called, but I had participated in getting him off by eating this drugged up homeless man the guy had picked, and because of how hungry I was and how thin the man was, I ate almost everything off of his legs, arms, and half of his pelvis that day, even eating his frostbitten leg and Psoriasis covered skin that now makes it impossible for me to eat anything with similar textures.

So, as I kept staring at the man I had just ate in Malcolm’s apartment I grew more ill feeling, but thankfully it didn't take long until I felt his hand come to cup my face and turn it away so I could look at him before he pushed a pill into my mouth for the nausea I felt everytime, and this time he even muttered soft words of praise in Spanish as he helped me stand up and brought me to the kitchen sink to clean my face off. Pill’s always still tasted nasty, even with blood to wash them down.

We ended the night with him helping me clean myself and the mess up, and then we drained the body of what little blood Malcolm didn't drink for a while, finally finishing it off by hiding what was left so I could eat more later, and with how Malcolm looked at me the whole time despite the horrible thing we had just done, I'm ashamed that I didn't finally say something in that moment, but I have no idea how.

I love him, and it's obvious to everyone except him despite us knowing each other since 1937. He's from the beginning of the 1800s, so I'm not surprised it goes over his head, but he's the only reason I'm still in this city and I hadn't moved to the Netherlands, yet I have no idea how to tell him.

I'm not going to live forever, I'm technically middle aged for a Fae, and I know he'll easily outlive me but I have no idea if I'll even tell him.

If anyone has any advice for how to tell him, or has any questions or would like to hear some stories about us, that would be appreciated so I can take my mind off stuff. He's currently asleep on me so I can't move for a while and will be able to respond to basically anyone without an issue.
Title: The founding fathers did more than sign the Declaration of Independence on August 2nd, 1776.

I never felt much attachment to ancestry. 

I knew who I descended from in the abstract, the way some families keep old portraits or repeat the same stories at gatherings. Thomas Jefferson was one of those stories. 

I never introduced myself with it, never used it as leverage, never felt like it belonged to me in any meaningful way. It was simply a fact, one that didn’t matter until the paperwork was finished and the land was legally transferred.

The delay wasn’t unusual. Estates tied to old property often take years to untangle, especially when records are incomplete or quietly neglected. 

What was unusual was how little resistance there was once the claim went through. No foundation stepped forward. No historical society objected. No government office asked follow-up questions beyond the bare minimum. It was as if the land had been waiting for someone to remember it, and once I did, no one wanted to acknowledge that it existed at all.

The property was located in a rural part of a state where Jefferson once owned land. The drive there took longer than I expected, not because of distance but because the signal faded early and roads narrowed until they became more suggestion than infrastructure. 

By the time I parked, there was nothing around me but trees, brush, and the sound of insects. No nearby buildings. No signage. No indication that anyone had been there recently.

The cabin itself was barely standing. Vines wrapped around the walls so tightly that they seemed structural, as though removing them would cause the whole thing to collapse. Moss covered the roof in thick, uneven patches, and several boards had warped or split entirely. It didn’t look preserved or protected. It looked abandoned in the truest sense of the word—left behind and allowed to rot without ceremony.

Inside, the air was heavy with mold and mildew. The floor creaked under my weight, and I moved carefully, testing each step before committing to it. There was no electricity, no furniture worth noting, and no signs that anyone had stayed there in living memory. No trash. No candles. No footprints. If this place had been forgotten, it would have been done thoroughly.

I wasn’t searching for hidden compartments or secrets. I was documenting the structure, taking photos for insurance purposes, when one of the floorboards near the back wall gave way beneath my foot. 

It didn’t snap cleanly. It sagged inward, soft and compromised, revealing a shallow pocket of dirt beneath the cabin.

Something had disturbed it recently. The soil was loose, uneven, with small claw marks along the edges. An animal burrow, most likely. As I knelt to inspect the damage, I noticed a corner of metal protruding from the dirt at an unnatural angle.

I dug with my hands.

The object I uncovered was a small lockbox, rectangular, rusted nearly brown, and heavier than it looked. It wasn’t buried deep, just hidden enough that it would have gone unnoticed if the floorboards hadn’t decayed and something hadn’t decided to dig there. I remember thinking that if I hadn’t stepped exactly where I did, I might never have found it at all.

The box resisted when I tried to open it. The hinge creaked loudly, protesting movement after what felt like decades of stillness. Inside was a single item, wrapped in oilcloth that had long since lost its effectiveness.

A journal.

The cover was cracked and warped from moisture. Pages stuck together in places, and mold had eaten away entire sections, leaving holes where words should have been. Even so, most of it was intact. The handwriting was immediately recognizable. I didn’t need to consult an expert to know whose it was. I’d seen enough reproductions to recognize the slant, the pressure, the consistency.

At first, the entries were mundane. Land management. Political frustrations. Observations on governance and human nature. It read exactly like what you’d expect from a man who believed documentation was a duty, even in private.

Then the tone shifted.

Not abruptly, but deliberately, as if the writer had decided that what followed needed to be recorded just as carefully as crop yields and correspondence.

August the Second, Seventeen Hundred and Seventy-Six.

“This day we set our names to parchment, and by doing so, set in motion a future that must be guarded against all known threats, and some unknowable ones besides. Independence is a fragile thing. It cannot endure without sacrifice.”

A few pages later, there was a drawing.

Three shallow grooves carved into uneven stone, arranged in a precise triangle. Lines channeled inward toward a metal grate at the center. Beneath the grate, Jefferson had shaded the page heavily, darkening it until the paper nearly tore.

There was a caption beneath the drawing, written carefully.

“The formation must not be altered. Distance is essential.”

I assumed symbolism at first. Allegory. A philosophical exercise. Jefferson was prone to those. But as I read on, it became clear that this was not a metaphor.

The journal spoke of a chamber beneath what would become Independence Hall. Jefferson did not explain how it was discovered. Several pages that should have addressed that were missing entirely, torn from the binding so thoroughly that only ragged edges remained. Whatever those pages contained, someone had gone to great lengths to ensure they were never read.

Jefferson referred to what lay below as the Leviathan.

“It is ancient beyond measurement, yet keen in its understanding. It recognizes the terms of our agreement and expects adherence without exception.”

Descriptions of the entity were sparse, but what little he wrote was unsettling in its restraint. He described its breathing as a bellowing sound, something between laughter and the movement of deep water through stone. He noted that the first exposure rendered even resolute men helpless, minds overwhelmed by its presence, bodies collapsing into paralysis that lasted hours.

Only one man, according to Jefferson, had seen it fully.

Washington.

No elaboration. Just the name, written once and never referenced again.

The ritual itself was described with clinical precision. Three lambs, positioned equidistant from one another at the points of the carved triangle. Their throats cut at any time, so long as blood flowed uninterrupted through the channels toward the center. The person placed above the grate was not drugged or unconscious.

“They fall regardless. The Leviathan’s proximity disrupts the mind upon first contact.”

Jefferson wrote that the blood carried something with it—an offering, though he never named what exactly. As it reached the person at the center, the flesh would begin to change, slowly losing cohesion, dissolving into a viscous mass that slipped through the grate below. He noted, almost clinically, that the screaming was not from pain, but from terror.

“They are aware of what is happening. That awareness is the true offering.”

He justified it all with the same certainty he applied to political theory.

“I will bear this sin gladly, if it means this land will never kneel to foreign boots.”

There was one entry where he acknowledged doubt—not about the ritual, but about the future.

“There may come a time when the Leviathan requires more food. I fear for the safety of our home then.”

What finally convinced me this wasn’t a delusion was the dates.

Jefferson recorded every ritual meticulously. Every two weeks. No deviations. No missed entries.

Out of a need I still don’t fully understand, I cross-referenced those dates with publicly available missing persons records. At first, I assumed coincidence. People go missing all the time. Patterns emerge where none exist.

So I checked again. Narrowed the criteria. Removed false positives. Looked only at the day following each recorded ritual.

There was always someone.

Sometimes the reports were vague. Sometimes they were delayed. But the pattern held.

Jefferson mentioned, almost in passing, that two enslaved people he had “released” were, in truth, never freed. They were offered.

He wrote of it with visible discomfort, but no hesitation.

“Freedom, if it is to mean anything, must be preserved. Even at great cost.”

I took the journal home.

For the first few days, nothing happened. That almost bothered me more than if something had. I expected a reaction—some sign that removing the journal from the cabin had mattered. Instead, life continued with irritating normalcy. I went to work. I slept poorly. I read the journal in fragments, never for too long at once, as if spacing it out might make what I was learning easier to absorb.

It was on the fourth morning that I noticed the vehicle.

I was leaving my apartment earlier than usual, still half-asleep, when I saw it parked across the street near the restaurant on the corner. A black SUV, large but unremarkable at first glance. Fully tinted windows. Clean. Too clean, considering how dusty everything else on the street usually was.

I didn’t think much of it then. People park there all the time. I walked past it without slowing down and went about my day.

The next morning, it was there again.

Same spot. Same angle. I noticed it only because I caught myself checking for it without realizing why. The windows were dark enough that I couldn’t see inside, even in direct sunlight. There was no license plate on the front or back. No bumper stickers. No decals. Nothing that identified it as belonging to anyone in particular.

By the third day, it had become part of the scenery.

I started to notice patterns. It was always there when I left in the morning. Always gone by early afternoon. I never saw it arrive, and I never saw it leave. No one ever entered or exited the vehicle while I was watching. I told myself that meant nothing. I reminded myself how easy it is to assign meaning once your brain decides to look for it.

Still, I began changing my routines slightly. Leaving at different times. Taking different routes. Watching reflections in windows as I passed. The SUV never followed. It never moved. It just waited.

At night, I found myself checking the street before closing the blinds. The vehicle was never there after dark.

I didn’t tell anyone about it. Saying it out loud would have made it sound ridiculous. A parked car is not a threat. A pattern does not imply intent. I knew all the rational explanations, and I repeated them to myself often.

Then I checked the journal again.

Not for new information, but for reassurance. For proof that I wasn’t imagining connections that weren’t there. That was when I noticed how often Jefferson wrote about being observed, even when he believed himself alone. How frequently he mentioned the necessity of discretion, of isolation, of ensuring that knowledge did not travel faster than it needed to.

The next morning, the SUV was still there.

By then, I had started timing it without admitting that’s what I was doing. Early arrival. Consistent departure. No variation. It was as predictable as the ritual dates in the journal, and that realization made my stomach tighten in a way I couldn’t explain.

On the day it left early, I noticed immediately.

I looked out the window out of habit, expecting to see it where it always was. The space was empty. At first, I felt relief—an almost embarrassing sense of validation, like I’d proven to myself that nothing was wrong after all.

That relief didn’t last.

The absence felt louder than its presence ever had. I checked the time. Too early. I stood there longer than necessary, staring at the empty curb, waiting for it to reappear. It didn’t.

That was when I became aware of how quiet the apartment felt. Not peaceful—anticipatory. As if something that had been holding position had finally been released.

I stepped away from the window and tried to focus on anything else.

That was when I noticed the smell.

It wasn’t strong at first. Just something sharp and wrong in the air, like cleaning chemicals or burning plastic. It didn’t belong in the hallway. I checked my door, then the vents. Everything looked normal, but the smell lingered, growing heavier the longer I stood there.

Instinct told me to leave.

I moved quietly, grabbed my keys, and slipped out through the stairwell instead of the elevator. The smell followed me down, faint but persistent. When I reached the ground level, I hesitated, listening for footsteps, for voices—anything that would confirm I was being paranoid.

The door opened to the outside.

Someone was waiting.

I didn’t see their face. I didn’t hear them approach. All I felt was the impact.

Something solid struck my knee from the side, hard enough that my leg folded the wrong way. There was a sound—a wet, hollow crunch—and then I was on the ground, screaming before I realized I was screaming. Pain flooded everything. I remember seeing blood on the concrete, too much of it, spreading quickly.

The person moved fast after that. Hands under my arms. A grip that knew exactly where to hold me. I remember thinking, distantly, that they weren’t rushing. This wasn’t panic. This was a procedure.

They started dragging me away.

I don’t know how far we got before sirens cut through the haze. Red and blue lights reflected off nearby buildings, sudden and disorienting. The grip on me tightened briefly, then released. I heard footsteps running. Someone shouting.

I remember someone else kneeling beside me. A voice asking my name. Asking what happened. I tried to answer, but everything went dark before I could finish the sentence.

I woke up in a hospital.

My leg was immobilized, wrapped, and elevated, pain dulled by medication. A uniformed officer sat nearby, flipping through a notebook. They told me I’d been lucky—that a patrol had been close enough to intervene, that whoever attacked me ran when they realized they’d been seen.

They asked if I recognized my attacker. I didn’t.

They asked if I had any enemies. I didn’t.

They asked if anything had been taken. I told them no.

That’s when I decided to write this.

Not because I think it will change anything. Not because I believe the people responsible will be exposed. The officer didn’t know anything beyond a routine assault. The doctors didn’t ask questions beyond what was necessary to treat me. To them, this was an isolated incident.

I know better.

Tomorrow is still the next ritual.

Jefferson believed that endurance justified secrecy, that freedom required sacrifices no one would ever acknowledge. Maybe he was right. Maybe this country has only survived because the cost has always been paid quietly, by people who were never supposed to be noticed.

I don’t know what will happen to me after this. I don’t know if I’ll be allowed to recover in peace, or if this was meant as a warning rather than a solution.

All I know is this: if you live in America, don’t assume safety is guaranteed. Don’t trust that being ordinary makes you untouchable.

Be careful. Stay aware. And don’t let your guard down.

I guess I’m hitting the road when I get out of the hospital.

If anyone has any ideas of what I could or should do, tell me. I’d love to go over what I’ve found with anyone who doesn’t think I’m crazy.
Title: I've inherited my father's house out in the Southeastern. Something is killing the animals out here. (Part 1)

I’ll try to make this as short as I can but just understand there’s a lot. At the end of November, my father died after falling off the 3rd story roof of his house. It was an accident; he had lost his footing and struck his head right on the edge of the patio. The only sense of comfort was that he died instantly, terrible but instant. My aunt was the one to call me, I had just gotten back to my apartment after a long day of work when she called me. My Aunt Lucy is an emotional woman; I’ve seen her cry and sob more times than I can count. But this, this was pure, anguish. She was scream crying, yelling “He’s dead he’s dead he’s dead!” It took me a few minutes to calm her down enough to tell me that my father was dead. 

Two weeks later was the funeral, which was most of the same thing my aunt began crying 30 seconds into her eulogy. I had to bring her outside and calm her down, I held her for a few minutes, and talked her back down to just a sniffling mess. Like I said before my Aunt is overly emotional, It started when my grandma died when I was 7. I remember she wouldn't leave her house for a whole 4 months after the funeral. She loved everyone in our family more than anyone I know, and it was clear she loved my father the most.

When we went back inside, the service had ended, and everyone was now in the lunch area. Besides me and my aunt, there were 15 other people who had come for the funeral. Mostly old coworkers of my father, nobody I knew, except for Randy. Randy was my fathers neighbor, and the person who found my dad. He walked up to my and my Aunts table, quickly said his condolences, and told us that if we ever needed any help, then just call him. I had met Randy a few times before this, mostly in little parties held by my father at his home. I’ll explain in a moment but yes, I’ve been to the house many, many times before. 

After this was the actual burial, which was just the same as before, Aunt Lucy cried, and I was ready to go home. And I did, at this point I lived in Denver, and I didn’t want to deal with traffic, so while everyone went to my Aunts house for the after party. I just drove back to Denver. But when I got home, just like that November night, I got another call. Once again it was my Aunt, but instead of crying, or asking why I didn’t go to her house. She explained to me that she had just gotten My Dad’s will. Stated at the end of the will was a single sentence, a sentence that would curse me. 

“For Leo, He will receive my home out in the County.”

Fast forward another week, and I now have the keys to the property. And the part where this story starts. Sorry about that exposition piece. I felt it was important to start with for you to understand why I’m here. I loved my dad, and this house was his passion project. I remember when he bought in 7 years ago, I was 19 and going to CSU Fort Collins. So while I never saw the house in its original state, I saw it a few times wherever I came for Chiasmas or thanksgiving. The house is located 3 miles off Highway 50 in Colorado, right between Pueblo and Rocky Ford. The closest piece of civilization was Nepesta, a small-town right off the highway. The land was mostly flat, with fields of grass and dirt as far as the eye can see. Behind the house about 50 yards away was the Arkansas river, which was surrounded by a thin tree line. And out west you can see the Rocky Mountains. From here they were only a faint blue, but you can make out the 3 major ranges of Southern Colorado. Pikes peak, The Spanish/twin peaks, and Greenhorn Mountain. The house itself was beautiful, made up of three sections, the main section being three stories, with a large patio that has a canopy that you could pull out during the winter. The inside had . The other 2 sections were wings of the main area, both two stories. The right wing was a garage, with the second floor being a storage space. While the left wing was an entertainment area, 2 pool tables, a dart board, and a makeshift movie theater. In summary, it was a nice house. 

Now here’s when things get strange, I’ve been staying at the house for about a week now. Mostly maintenance and keeping the place cleaned. I was in the backyard, raking leaves that had fallen from the trees when I smelt something, it was faint, but unmistakable. It was the smell of death, no other way to describe it. Despite how faint it was, I still covered my face with my hand. I followed the smell, leading me about 100 yards East, just at the tree line. There, I found the body of a Coyote, its stomach had been cut open, the entrails of the wild dog had been pulled out of the animals, leaving the animal as a husk. I steered at the carcass for several seconds. Almost gagging but not at the sight, but at the scent. That smell was in full force now, invading my nostrils and taking over every thought. I always heard people describe the smell of rotting corpses as something you’d never forget. Something that even if you’ve never heard of it, you knew what it was. 

I didn’t think about what did this to the Coyote, or why the cut didn’t look like bite marks of any other animal. I wanted the smell gone, now. I went back to the house, grabbing a shovel and mask from the garage. And dug a grave for it, right next to where I found the body. Once done, I gently shoved the body into the pit with the head of the shovel. Doing my best to hold back the eggs and hashbrowns I had eaten that morning from shooting up and adding to the stench. But I got it in and covered it up, patting the ground with the shovel and stared at it. All remaining evidence of the animals was the blood stained grass just 2 feet away. 
I assumed somebody had come onto the property and killed it. But now, and even as I walked away, I knew this was a lie. The cut was too clean, and why not take the body? If it was a poacher, I doubt they’d kill it by cutting its stomach and taking its guts. It all just didn’t sit right with me. 

That night, while in the mini theater watching Warfare. I heard a sharp, painful scream from outside. I couldn't tell if it was a man or woman's scream, but it could make out that it was a painful scream. My first thought was that it was from the movie, but as I stared at the door that led to the backyard, I felt my throat tighten up. Like somebody was grasping my throat tightly, choking me with no intent to let go. It wasn’t until a second scream 15 seconds after the first one that I realized I was holding my breath. I instantly rushed for the door, expecting somebody to be outside maybe 10 feet away from the door. But when I opened it, the screaming suddenly stopped. Now, the only sounds were the Arkansas flowing East, and the movie. It was 8:00 pm, so the sun had already set some time ago. My only light source being the ones from the theater, which illuminated maybe 5 feet around the door. Everything past that was pinch black, with only the silhouette of trees standing out against the slightly cloudy night sky. I stood in the doorway waiting for one more scream. I thought that maybe if it happened again, I’d be able to pinpoint where it was and find the person. But it never came, I waited for 30 seconds but nothing came. So I went back inside and closed the door. sufficiently freaked out, I decided to close the door. So I grabbed the theater remote and turned it off the T.V. 

At that exact moment, I heard something run up to the door, and shortly after

Tap…Tap…Tap…

Something was knocking on the door. My head instantly shot over to the door. My entire body went cold as I imagined what was on the other side. I could feel my heart beating like a war drum, and my breathing stopped once again, forcing me to take deep breaths. This paralysis of fear was only broken after whatever was outside knocked again, the same Tap…Tap…Tap… as before. I slowly walked up to the door, grabbing one of the cue sticks from the rack, hoping I could use it as a weapon against whatever was outside. I’d clear my threat before yelling out as masculine and confident as I could, although it was still obvious that I was scared. 

“Who are you? What do you want?”

There was a moment of silence for a moment before whatever was outside started pounding on the door. It shaked and bulged against its frame, looking like it was about to break. This was when any sense of sensible thought left my mind. I dropped the cue stick, scrambling out of the wing into the main part of the building. I thought that if I looked behind me, I’d see some monster from a horror movie, my mind conjuring dozens of creatures. These stayed in my mind until I got to the master bedroom. I locked the door, and placed a chair under the door knob. Hoping it could barcode me from whatever it was. I stared at the door for a minute, waiting to hear any footsteps or banging noises from outside. I imagined the werewolf running through my house, tracking my scent. I imagined the creature from the black lagoon walking into my kitchen, its slimy body leaving a trail everywhere it went. These thoughts filled my mind like a river flowing into the ocean. And before I knew it, I ended up watching that door for 15 minutes. I only broke out of my daze because I had gotten a phone call. I didn’t answer it, instead letting it go to voicemail as I got into bed. Even though I wouldn't sleep, I figured I’d at least get comfy. So, I laid there watching the door until by some miracle, I fell asleep. 

I woke up late the next morning, the memory of what happened the day before still fresh in my memory. I walked downstairs and into the left wing. The door that led outside had a large crack in it. The hinges were loose against the drywall. Opening the door, I was immediately met with the same rotting smell as with the coyote. This time it was much, much closer. I gagged, covered my face with my hand. When I looked out, I immediately saw the cause of the smell. Just in front of the tree line laid the corpse of another Coyote. Killed in the same way as the one the day before. Now fresh, the smell of iron rich blood filled my nostrils. Its face stuck in a painful snarl.

That was the final straw, I got into my car and drove to my aunt's house where I’m currently at. It’s been three days since that night, and I don’t plan on going back for another few days. I called the police and explained what happened, they just said it was probably some homeless guy trying to break in. When I asked about the screaming and him banning on my door. They just brushed it off as the guy being on drugs. This wasn’t good enough for me though, I don’t think whatever was outside my house was some druggy. And that's why, I’m going back to the house. It’s stupid but this house meant too much to my dad. And I don’t want to just sell it, so right now I’m just going to do research and buy cameras to put around the property. I’ll update you all in a few days. I hope this is a drug addict, I haven’t gotten any sleep, and I don’t want to steal all my aunts Morning coffee.
Title: My wife and I had a same dream

"You okay?" Irina asked me, lifting the eyes from the book. "You look like you haven 't slept at all."

"I am fine. Just a bad dream."

"Yeah, me too." she sighed, sipping on coffee."We shouldn’t have watched that movie last night."

"Oh, yeah." I smiled back, pouring a cup of coffee for myself, hoping to relieve the brain fog. "In my dream, Anabelle was chasing me through the woods, until I reached…"

"The cabin with the old man." Irina interrupted me, looking at me puzzled.

"...yes. How did you know?" 

"I had the same dream. Well, similar.." She put coffee down, focusing entirely on me. "He was in a swing chair on a porch, right?" 

"Yes. It was evening and the moon was almost visible through trees. I don"t remember much after." 

"Well, it"s official. We have been together for so long that our brains synchronised." Irina smiled at me, returning to her coffee and book. Her nonchalant attitude helped me shake off the weird feeling the dream gave me a bit.

I shook myself as shivers ran through my spine, as if I tried to physically get rid of the feeling. I went over and opened the kitchen window, letting the morning sun and damp smell of the lake in. It's just stupid dream, I told myself. I shouldn’t waste my nerves on this, I am finally on vacation with my dear wife and…

"Where are Pete and Sandra by the way?" I asked Irina.

"They went for a swim already, you know your brother. Up before the sun even."

"Wanna join them?"

"It is still cold for me. But yeah, let's go, I can just read there."

We packed a bag with a couple of sandwiches and sodas, and headed for the little clearing that was considered a beach. The ground trail hugged the lake, flanked by tall pine trees – pointy leaves and cones all around, piercing my slippers. Irina walked behind me, absently following me as she could not put her book down. 

Even though it was a clear morning, the sun was still chasing away thin mist over the lake, and mist seemed to slither away towards woods, finding refuge in shades between tall trees. A familiar gut feeling that we are being watched came to me. I kept glancing over between the trees, catching glimpses of movement, a delicate dance of mist playing with my mind. I shook myself again, attributing anxious feelings to my dream. *Our dream.* At least my brain fog was disappearing, in the same way mist disappeared over the still lake.

"About time you nerds." Pete yelled from the water. Irina was a teacher, and I was a journalist. We spent most of our free time reading, which Pete, the gym trainer, could not wrap his head around. Sandra, his financial advisor wife who swam by him, slapped him playfully.

"Good morning to you too." I said, putting the bag away. "Is the water cold?"

"Yes, but it's amazing once you get used to it. Come on Irina, don’t leave me alone with the boys." Sandra yelled as Pete tried to pull her under the water, retribution for slapping him.

"You know I hate the cold, you're on your own girl." Irina laughed at Sandra, as I tried to get into the lake. The cold water's bite was strong even before it reached my knees. I turned around to confirm to Irina that the water was too cold, and something moved in the woods behind her. I blinked, and it was gone. Irina saw my look, and looked over the shoulder. She turned back to me. "Are you okay?"

"Yes, yes it's just…water is cold." I gave her a half smile."I think I am gonna sit this one out." I went over and sat across her on the beach, facing the woods. 

"Not you too." Pete yelled from the lake. "No surprise about Irina staying out, but you, you disappoint me. I shall renounce you as my brother."

"In that case, Irina and I will just eat all these sandwiches alone." I shaked the bag.

"Sandwiches you say?" Pete rushed towards the beach, forgetting about his wife at the moment. Sandra rolled her eyes and followed. 

"I am starving." Pete said, half of the sandwich disappearing in a single bite.

"Why didn’t you guys bring anything, you shouldn’t swim on an empty stomach." Irina said.

"Oh, it's Pete, we didn’t have time to do anything because he was sure somebody was sneaking around the house in the morning." Sandra said, laughing. I did not laugh.

"Wait, what?" I asked. I felt Irina’s gaze on me.

“Oh, nothing,” Pete said, embarrassingly. “I was sure I heard some commotion, turned out to be an animal, possum or something.” 

“At first I thought I heard it too, but when we got out to check it, it disappeared. Although, it’s really creepy in the morning with all the mist! Especially in the moonlight.”

“Yeah, indeed it is.” Shivers ran through me again and I shrugged. 

“There was no moonlight, it was just…Nevermind. What’s wrong with you?” Pete turned attention towards me, words barely recognizable through a mouthful of food.

“Oh, don’t mind him. We had this weird dream last night.” Irina said.

“We?” Sandra raised eyebrows.

“Yes,” Irina laughed, “It might not have been the best idea to watch a horror movie in the lakehouse. We both dreamt of Anabell and…some things, doesn’t really matter.” 

“Ha, I knew he was gonna get scared!” Pete laughed. 

“Oh shut up, you were the one checking out noises around the house.” Pete playfully punched me and went on to finish his sandwich. I thought about telling them that I saw movement in the woods. *I think I saw the movement*, I corrected myself in my head. Fuck it, Pete would just make more fun of me. We spent the rest of the afternoon at the beach, taking a walk in the woods later. I was reluctant to go, but the creeping dread from the morning has disappeared. As the sun had reached the zenith, light seeped through treetops, completely banishing the mist and woods seemed a lot less scary. *It was just a stupid dream*, I thought.

In the evening we decided we would not watch movies again. We played Monopoly, and with a few drinks, I barely even remembered the dream, and the feeling that came with it. We lit the fireplace, its warmth in combination with alcohol made me drowsy. I was not the only one.

“Whose turn in it is?” Irina asked, yawning. Sandra yawned back.

“I don’t know. Mine? Should we call it a…” 

“Wait. Hear that?” Pete interrupted her. Sandra was about to say something else when Pete shushed her. We sat for a couple of moments with silence, sharpening our ears. The only thing I could hear was my increasing heart rate.

“Pete, there is nothing.” Sandra said.

“Shush!” Pete silenced her again. I was on the edge of my chair, listening. Over my own pulse , wood flickered in the fireplace, aside from that, nothing could be heard. I still kept silent. Irina and Sandra looked at each other, Sandra just shaking her head. 

“Come with me.” Pete told me. He got out of the chair, grabbed a flashlight and headed towards the door. “You coming?”

“Pete, there is nothing…” I started speaking, Pete interrupting me. “Let’s make sure of that, huh?” He went out. I shrugged at Irina and Sandra, following him out. 

A flashlight’s beam cut through the moonless night, catching tendrils of the emerging evening mist, as if earth exhaled a breath that did not belong to it. It was easy to mistake its slightest movement for something that moved, something that was physical. Something that was alive. I tried my best not to.

“There it is! Have you heard of it?” Pete hissed. I couldn’t hear anything.

“You’re tripping Pete, I didn’t hear anything. Let’s call it a night and go to sleep.”

Pete looked at me as if he was examining if I am saying an excuse to head inside, or if I am speaking the truth. Must’ve been the latter, because he nodded silently and headed back with me. I was not even lying, alcohol got to me, my head felt heavy and I felt a need to go to sleep.

“You boys catch anything?” Sandra asked.

“No.” Pete said dryly, locking the door. I just gestured to Irina that it is time to go to bed. 

“If there was something you would have seen even without a flashlight, moonlight is so bright.” Sandra yawned again.

“There is no…I need to lie down. My head is spinning. Goodnight guys.”

Irina and I went upstairs, Pete and Sandra lying downstairs in the living room. Considering we invited them, they had the courtesy of sleeping on a sofa bed. With the corner of my eye I saw Pete taking a knife from the kitchen, putting it under his pillow. 

I am in the woods again. There is no sign of Anabelle this time. I move through darkness, the indigo sky barely visible, evening sun peering through the canopy above me, casting shadows that refuse to stay still. My head hurts. A whisper. I turn around. Mists creep around me. Towards me? I press on, refusing to stay in place. My head hurts. Another whisper. Lourder this time. I pick up the pace. My own heavy breathing makes it hard to figure if I am hearing the whispers or imagining them. My head hurts. Darkness is becoming unbearable, heavy, pine trees drawing closer at me. A light in the distance. A moon? A house. A cabin. A man is on the porch. Old man. He is saying something to me, I am unable to decipher. He rises from the chair and yells at me. That feeling that I am being watched. I feel a hand touching my shoulder. I shudder. Somebody calls out my name. Out of the old man’s house, screams are coming. It’s a woman, she is screaming, screaming loud, as if she was being…

I woke up in cold sweat, Irina by me, her hand on the shoulder calling my name. It was a dream. It was just a dream. Why could I still hear the screams then? 

I jumped out of bed. Sandra’s screams were turning into squeals as I ran downstairs towards the dark living room. 

“I got them, I got them, I got them!” Pete yelled.

I slapped the switch, turning on the light. 

Pete was on top of Sandra on the bed, holding a knife in his hand. Blood over his hands, shirt, face. Turning a light on seemed to stop him. He turned his eyes that were too open to me, then to his own arm, holding a knife. He looked at it as if it was somebody else’s. Beneath him, Sandra let out what sounded like her last breath. He dropped the knife, stepping away from his unmoving wife, crouching in the corner, face drained, as if the room had suddenly become too real. I did not move. I did not know what to say, what to do. Between frantic whispers, the only thing that I could understand Pete saying was to call the police.

I sat on the edge of bed upstairs while the police finished their investigation, face buried in hands. It took them nearly an hour to arrive from the nearest town. Pete has never left his corner. Irina cried softly behind me. I did not know what to say, how to console her. I did not know how to console myself. The detective walked in through the half opened door. 

“How are you doing?”

I couldn’t even answer. He nodded with understanding.

“Carbon monoxide leak, faulty the generator in the basement. They slept right above it, but you might have felt its influence too. Have you experienced any hallucinations, feelings of paranoia, disorientation, seen or heard things?”

Weird dreams, sounds around the woods, mists dancing, Sandra seeing the moonlight. I wondered how I could not see it coming. If I said something, If I agreed with Pete there on the lake, maybe we…

“Yes. Both then and…me.” I squeezed words through my teeth. 

“Alright, take a moment to dress, then we’re going to take you to hospital. We’ll take the statements after.” 

The detective tapped my shoulder emphatically, leaving the room and closing the door. Behind the door, a painting hung. Panting of old man in the swing chair, sitting on a porch of cabin in the woods.
Title: I run a small bed and breakfast in rural Maine. I hope you’re never a guest. [Part 2]

[Click here to view all chapters.](

CW: References of sexual abuse, not depicted.

Hello again, it’s me. I’m so so glad that you guys liked the first bit of my story - that really was just the beginning. Thank you for the kind words about my work, too - I really feel like I don’t deserve it.

Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Marielle and I am 36 years old now.

When I introduced you all to my cottage and the bit of magic behind my work, I started with one of my easiest and most palatable guests. She just happened to be the most recent.

Let’s go back a bit.

My first year working here, I didn’t own The Cottage alone. A wonderful woman by the name of Cassandra trained me in the business of witnessing the weight of choices.

Sandy was in her late seventies, with coiled silver hair and about a hundred different glasses frames to go with any outfit she may like to wear. She was tall, probably six feet before age had slouched her, and built like a bean pole. She was one of those people that folks say “light up a room.”

Her brown eyes turned golden in the sunlight, and that was the version I saw the most, because she was very often outside. In the backyard of The Cottage was her real pride and joy - her garden. She had fruit bushes that had been alive for longer than I had, and every year she dared herself to grow something new for our guests to eat.

“Will you try to keep this going once I retire?” She had asked me this question while her dark-skinned arms were elbow deep in dirt that smelled vaguely of cow shit. I curled my lip, but nodded, determined to follow in her footsteps as well as I could. Determined to make her proud. “You don’t have to keep the whole veggie garden, or you could hire someone to tend it. But the fruits - my blueberry bushes, the strawberries, the blackberries and raspberries. I’ve tended them for almost fifty years, darling. They are my legacy more than this cottage is. The Cottage is aided by magic or mysticism or something like that. This?”

She stood up on knees that were still inexplicably dexterous for her age and stepped back to gesture at the fruit section. “This is hard work. This is devotion and love. These are more my children than my actual children are.”

Cassandra laughed, a sound that was melodic and joyful and brighter than a full moon on a clear winter’s night.

She died about a year after that conversation, peacefully in her sleep. When I found her she still had a smile on her face.

The night after she died and the Waldo County Sheriff’s Office had managed the removal of her body, the first night I was truly alone and in charge of The Cottage - that was when Nicolas stayed with me.

——

July 22, 2021

I was working at my desk, staring out the window into the foggy woods beyond what my porch lights could cover. The weather had been mild in temperature but the humidity was obscene; I felt like I could swim in the air.

I was waiting for headlights. It had been a week since we had our last guest, and Cassandra had taught me the patterns. Always be prepared for guests, but expect them if it’s been five days or more. Be ready and in uniform. Back in those days, that included a clean but disposable mask in my blazer pocket.

It was closer to one in the morning when I heard the knock. The sound startled me out of my treeline-staring trance and I jumped to my feet, rushing to open my front door. I smoothed my face back to the polite and professional expression I wore so well and swung it open to greet my guest.

He was a young man, maybe thirty, and criminally handsome. Tall, well muscled, with a gorgeous smile and an even more gorgeous crooked nose that sat perfectly placed below stormy gray eyes. In a past life, the man on The Cottage’s porch would have swept me off my feet and had my heart in an instant.

Except this was my current life, not my past life, and gorgeous men with gorgeous smiles did not show up at The Cottage. I straightened my spine and ushered him in, preparing my typical speech, reigning in the assumptions I couldn’t find myself able to control. “Fifty a night, no holds,” I stammered. One of his dark eyebrows raised in amusement. “If you choose to stay an extra night, we rerun your card up here again.”

“Just one night.” I held out my hand politely at his words, waiting for his card and identification. He fished in his pocket for several seconds before handing both to me, each in horrific shape. I could still read through the clouded lamination on his Maine license - Nicolas W., born in 1989. He was my age exactly: thirty two.

I pulled the key for suite two out instinctively before I remembered. Suite one was vacant again - I lived in the main house now. With a tiny shake of my head to clear the grief, I took out the correct key - heavy, iron, tagged with a bold printed 1. “Suite one, first door on the right. Breakfast is at eight tomorrow. It is just you and I, so I am all yours.”

Both of his eyebrows raised this time at my phrasing, but instead of making me blush like the gesture should have, my skin crawled.

I couldn’t place why. Not yet. Maybe tonight, when I learned who Nicolas was underneath his manicured exterior.

Calling what I saw in my sleep a dream is generous. I saw Nicolas as a boy centuries ago, playing in a vast nursery and speaking a language that I wasn’t certain of - Italian, perhaps. I dreamt of that young boys death, of those stormy eyes clouded over from the pain of tuberculosis at no more than nine years of age. I dreamed of the very little light that was there flickering out with a ragged exhale from the boy’s cracking lips. I dreamt of his favorite way to break his fast - porridge sweetened with honey, ripe figs, and scrambled eggs with crackling crystals of salt.

I dreamt of a mothers grief, of rage so profound it echoed through my rib cage, of pain so deep it may rival Mariana’s Trench. The rage and the grief and the pain brought that woman who spoke that language I didn’t understand to someone in a profession I could recognize anywhere.

I dreamt of a beautiful young woman with dark brown eyes, full lips, and hair down to her waist murmuring condolences and promises to the mother before her - the mother who immediately dropped a pile of gold worth more than my whole property into the palm of that witch’s hands.

I dreamt of when the boy returned, but he did not have the same innocent light in his eyes. His mother did not see it, or perhaps chose not to see it. Her boy was back, but he was dreadfully, painfully wrong.

I dreamt of a boy who did not sleep, of a boy who aged into beauty that caused all the young ladies around him to swoon. The boy became a young man, and I dreamt of that young man bedding woman after woman and leaving them missing something they’d never known they had.

I dreamt of a boy who consumed not food, but souls. A young man who gained energy not from rest, but from theft. Every time he found a woman below him, he grew more beautiful, more adept at the art of seduction.

I dreamt of him traveling across continents over decades. The young man learned that he was not normal, that the reason he lived was no longer love but pain and grief and rage. He crafted a past for wherever he landed. He broke every willing lady who was unlucky enough to cross his path.

I dreamt of a man who never had to use force to take what he hungered for, he only had to flash his beautiful smile or wink one of those stormy gray eyes. Of a man who never coerced or manipulated, only flirted, only seduced. He never afflicted a woman with an illness or with a child - he never left behind a thing at all. He only took and took and took.

Nicolas stole. He was no longer a man with a soul, so he took tiny pieces of every person unfortunate enough to open a bit of their own to him. I dreamt of faces I recognized from my guests, guests who all were hollow in ways I never could fill with food or talk or anything at all. Every woman over time that he had brought behind closed doors appeared in my dreams - some long dead, some still cursed with a life missing parts of themselves.

I woke up and vomited immediately. The clock only read five past four in the morning, but I felt I must have been dreaming for days. The man my exact age pretending to sleep in the room that I used to sleep in was the worst kind of monster I’d encountered yet.

All of my guests before him, the ones Cassandra had allowed me to help - they were missing pieces of themselves due to something behind their control. I supposed this was still true from Nicolas - he did not intend to become a soulless monster who couldn’t die, his mother had inadvertently made him one. My other guests almost exclusively harmed without intent to do so, but not Nicolas.

I had dreamed it. I had dreamed of the sickening joy he felt each time another piece of soul was swallowed by the blackness where his own should have been. I had lived it through his eyes. I had witnessed the discovery of how he could feel alive again, and I had witnessed him choose to continue. I had watched women sob in their new emptiness and confusion as he left the room just a bit more beautiful, a bit more young than he was before.

I vomited again and did not go back to sleep. I hurled open the door to the basement and ran down the narrow staircase to where Cassandra kept her own journals and began to search.

Nearly fifty years of tending The Cottage meant that Sandy encountered people and creatures that I could only begin to imagine. The books in the safe - a safe locked behind a combination she’d only told me through her estate - held the answers to secrets I didn’t know that I didn’t know.

I rummaged through journal entry after journal entry, learning of monsters who looked like mere men and mere men who looked like monsters, but nothing of the monster who wore the face of the most beautiful man I’d ever seen.

While I didn’t learn exactly what Nicolas was from these secret journals, what I did learn is that I did not live in the world I thought I did, and with that knowledge I reconsidered my plan of action. Monsters like Nicolas existed, and would no matter what. If I left him and did nothing, the planet would certainly continue to spin, but could I live with myself?

Breakfast came together with a swiftness I had not been aware I possessed. Porridge, figs, eggs, homemade bread, fresh pressed juice - it was a meal freshly made and fit for wealth. I prepared the finest of coffees using the most expensive beans, poured myself a cup, and waited while I drank it black.

Nicolas appeared in my doorframe at 7:59am, his smile still charming and his eyes still stunning. He was looking at me like I was prey.

Probably because to him, I was.

I pulled out his seat for him and he dipped his head in gratitude. I clenched my jaw, willing myself not to flinch in the way my instincts urged. I filled his plate with what I knew were his favorite things and while he ate, I spoke.

“I know what you are.” He did not look up from the food he was devouring, but the fork he was raising to his mouth stilled for half a moment before continuing on its journey. “I know what you do, and I have seen the wreckage you leave behind. I have witnessed more women than I can count on two hands who are lacking a piece of themselves because of your particular appetite.”

Nicolas was watching me now as he ate, his eyes unblinking. He still did not interrupt me, so I carried on. “You are a monster among men who takes advantage of beauty that others would view as an incredible blessing. I know it is a curse. You were meant to die in 1762 as a little boy, and when your mother went to that witch who lived the same curse that she gave you, she severed a thread of fate that should never have been unbroken. You were not reborn from love, you were reborn from pain, and now you are wrong. But Nicolas, I know something you do not.”

My guest was now lounged back in his seat, his posture relaxed and lazy. I bit back the surprising need to growl at him. “If you stop stealing pieces of the people around you, you can right yourself. You can die. You didn’t know this, I know you didn’t, because it’s not something you’d have ever considered. Gorging yourself on other’s emptiness tastes far too sweet to fast from, doesn’t it? Sex is too good, and it gives you too much power. You could stop, though.” I paused and watched as I delivered my final blow, promising him what knew he hungered for more than anything. “You could sleep again, Nicolas.”

His reaction was not what I’d desired - no visible shock, no gasp, and barely a flicker of interest. “I’ve lived over two hundred and fifty years. I have more wealth than your pathetic billionaires could hope to acquire. So tell me, child,” he spat the word, “why would I give all I have gained up just to rest?”

I did not answer him, because he was not really asking me. He did not need an answer to a question that wouldn’t have helped him decide what was already chosen.

“Did you see that woman was the one who told me what I could do to be just like her? Ageless, rich, powerful. Did you see that I could have been changing other lost souls to be like me just like she did, but I have not done so? Did you see all the times I have hungered for the sweetness of a woman’s soul but abstained because I respected their lack of consent?” Of course I had - but he didn’t want to hear me speak. That’s not what that time was for, not anymore. “Did you know that your soul smells of wildfire and spiced rum and untouched mountain water? Did you know that the grief that you carry reeks of necrosis? I could ease that pain, and take away that darkness. If I really wanted to, if I set my mind to it, I could have you. But if you allowed me, I could drink that sweetness and cure your rot by bringing back your little girl.”

I froze. How could I not? My beautiful girl. I could smell her hair again, I could hold her in my arms. I could choose to ignore her wrongness if he brought her back just as his mother had done.

My jaw clenched and I ground my teeth. Unlike his mother, I knew the consequences of that choice.

“Intriguing, isn’t it? I’d do it, if you let me take just a tiny little piece of your soul. I’ve never gifted another with this life. But you…” Nicolas trailed off as he gazed at me, those gray eyes desperate and hungry despite the food he was still eating.

“No,” I snapped, though my voice shook. His lips curled into a smile. “I would never wish for someone to become the monster you are. Not even her.”

His smile remained, but he shrugged. “It is your choice, after all. Not the one I’d make, but still, it is yours.” Nicolas ate more of his meal and drank more of the coffee. “Do you believe in God?”

His meal vanished as I stared, refusing to answer his question. He stood while wiping his mouth with a napkin. “I only take pieces of souls. God takes it all.” He grinned, his teeth too perfect, his eyes too bright. “Compared to God, am I really such a monster?”

Nicolas left The Cottage on foot, the same way he had arrived. That night, I dreamed of lies that tasted like burnt coffee, and I dreamed of that same sickening joy - the joy of owning a part of someone that they can never get back. I dreamed of it over and over and over, as if to spite me. As if he knew I would feel it. I dreamed of him touching my daughter’s picture in an aged newspaper and woke up to the necrotic grief eating me anew.

——

I have not had the misfortune of seeing Nicolas again, and for that I thank whatever powers that be every day. I have still dreamed of the holes he leaves behind, more times than I can count now. He is still out there somewhere.

The Cottage is a crossroads, but not everyone takes the right turn. Hell, not everyone even has the option to turn right at all. Nicolas is tall, with sandy blond hair and eyes like a Kansas thundercloud, and he wants to get you in bed. His voice is gravelly and alluring and his smile is exceptionally charming. He’s not even that bad to talk to.

But Nicolas did not make the good choice at The Cottage, and he’s out there still, stealing pieces of people that can never be returned or refilled. If you see him, or any other person who matches that description - too charming, too beautiful, too alluring - run. Turn and run and don’t look back and don’t get in bed with them.

Because I really don’t want to see you as a guest here.
Title: I Was Never Afraid of Sasquatch Until the Day That I Watched One Tear My Cousin to Pieces

There’s something about Bigfoot that just isn’t very scary to me. Maybe it’s the countless bumper stickers I’ve seen depicting him wearing sunglasses or giving a thumbs-up; maybe it’s his association with beef jerky or men’s grooming products; maybe it’s the fact that he has slowly been transformed from a ferocious monster into a goofy mascot for the Pacific Northwest over the decades since his inception; but for whatever reason, I just don’t have a lot of respect for the guy. He’s never once scared me, not in all my years living in this region and the countless nights I’ve spent out in the woods beneath the stars, listening to all the unknown sounds that seem to drip from the surrounding trees like a broken faucet, their sources indistinguishable but in my mind definitely not produced by a massive, hairy ape that is stalking me from just beyond the edges of my campfire’s glow. He’s simply never been frightening to me — or rather I should say he *used* to never be. I still struggle to remember that those feelings exist in the past tense now; and they most certainly won’t ever be coming back.

None of this is to say that I never *believed* in Sasquatch. I, probably to a fault, tend to believe in almost every cryptid under the sun, regardless of how much evidence there may be in support of or contrary to their existence. In my opinion, the more that exists out there beyond our human understanding, the better. The world’s just more interesting that way, or at least that’s how I see it. Despite believing in him, though, I just never managed to find Sasquatch particularly scary. There are other, similar creatures that certainly inspire fear in me — beasts like werewolves and dogmen, as well as cousins to Bigfoot like the Yeti or even the Skunk Ape — but poor Sasquatch was never able to make the cut.

Not until I encountered one for myself.

My cousin and I were going on one of our usual weekend camping trips, the kind we liked to take a handful of times every year to escape from the craziness of life for a while. Sometimes other friends would join us, but often, as was the case on this particular trip, it was just the two of us and his dog, Groggy. I often find myself wondering if things would have gone differently had there been other people out there with us that day. If we had more people to help us, to help protect us, then maybe he would still be alive.

The trip in question occurred in early December, when the promise of winter was already spreading throughout the mountainous sea of green that was the backdrop for all of our camping excursions. We parked at the base of a hiking trail that, while normally much more well-travelled in the warmer months, saw a large drop-off in activity once the seasonal chill crept its way into the area. It is for this reason that we didn’t expect to see any other people during our 5-mile trek to our usual campsite, a premonition that proved to be correct. The path along that trail can be rigorous, but it’s nothing we weren’t used to, and after disembarking from my cousin’s car and gathering up all of our supplies, the two of us, accompanied by an enthusiastic Groggy, made quick, steady work of trekking along the path to our destination.

One of the things we liked about this particular trail was that it always saw an abundance of wildlife, even when the weather began to turn cold, and this trip was no exception. Birds skirted through the branches about our heads, chittering their pretty songs as they went. Squirrels and chipmunks chased each other through the brush at our feet. A red-tailed hawk unleashed its unmistakable screeching cry somewhere in the distance, surely on the hunt for prey or love. Groggy seemed to enjoy the wildlife just as much as we did; he chased after any small critters we came across, sometimes disappearing into the brush for a few minutes until my cousin beckoned him back with a stern call. The pooch would always come running at his master’s command, and he always returned without ever claiming one of his would-be victims as a prize. I don’t think he ever wanted to actually *hurt* the animals he chased — he was far too sweet for that — but he enjoyed the hunt anyway, if only for the thrill of it. He was a good dog, taken well before his time, and I miss him almost as much as I miss my departed cousin.

My cousin’s phone, mostly a glorified camera due to the lack of cell coverage along the trail, nonetheless decided to go off twice during our walk to camp. Being hypoglycemic, he had an app on his phone that was connected to a sensor in his arm, and went off whenever his blood glucose levels were getting too low. Groggy often managed to detect my cousin’s drop in blood sugar before the phone app did, but the dog was far too distracted to notice his master’s condition while we were on our walk, and as such, my cousin needed to be alerted to his dropping sugars by his device. The interruption these alerts caused were minimal — we only needed to stop for a few minutes each time so he could chug an apple juice and get his levels back to normal — and they were an expected part of going on camping trips with my cousin. I was just about as used to dealing with his blood sugar issues as he was, and rarely thought much of it. We’d never had to call off a camping trip early due to his condition, so when his phone’s alerts went off, I never saw them as more than a slight delay in our adventures. After his second bout with the alarm, my cousin’s body thankfully managed to keep his sugar levels high enough for us to make it to our destination.

We arrived at our usual campsite, a small clearing surrounded by tall, slender white pines and bordered on one side by a steep hill that I am tempted to call a cliff, in the early afternoon. After getting our camp set up, we eagerly made our way to the bank of a nearby river, fishing rods in hand, and, with Groggy dozing lazily between us, spent the next few hours casting our lines and reeling in whatever nature deemed fit to offer us. We alternated back and forth between conversation and peaceful silence while hunting for the fish that we hoped to make our dinner that night. We eventually caught our first (and only) keeper, which we threw into our cooler before resuming our relaxing activity, not realizing that it was soon going to come to an abrupt end.

It was during one of our periods of silence that we discovered the mutilated carcass.

Groggy was the first to notice that something was off. He perked up from his lazy doze and began sniffing the air with an alert seriousness that was uncharacteristic of him, especially when coming right out of a relaxed napping state. His sudden demeanor change prompted my cousin and me to share a concerned glance.

“You alright, boy?” my cousin asked his dog. “Smell something?”

Groggy continued to sniff the air, his back stiff, his ears perked up so high I thought they were preparing to swap places at the top of his head. He stayed in this rigid state for more than half a minute while we watched him, our worry for the distressed pooch only growing. Suddenly an unseen pressure began tugging against my fishing rod, stealing my attention away from the dog. I had to brace against this new weight to prevent my rod from escaping my grip and jumping to its doom in the water. The resistance I felt was so great that I feared that my line would eventually snap with the weight.

“Caught something?” my cousin asked.

“I don’t know,” I said, awkwardly standing up with the rod clutched tightly in my hands. “Maybe. Feels more like I’m hooked on a rock or something.”

“Well reel it in steadily.” My cousin, also rising, grabbed the nearby fishing net, taking its handle into both palms. “Maybe you got something good.”

I did as he advised and began to slowly reel against my mystery catch. It took a considerable amount of effort, and there were several times when I thought my line might give way again, but eventually whatever was on my line drew close enough to the surface to produce a dark shadow just beneath the flowing sheet of water.

“Looks pretty big,” my cousin said, preparing to reach out with the net.

I didn’t respond, instead continuing to concentrate on my catch. It wouldn’t be long before it finally made it to the surface. I just had to keep on reeling.

The mystery catch breached the thin curtain of water, prompting my cousin to lash forward with the net. He didn’t realize until after he had already caught it that what he was going for was the soaked, lifeless head of a doe. When he saw the deceased deer behind that mesh barrier, he immediately pulled the net away and reeled backwards with a spasm of disgusted shock.

The sight of the deer surprised me, but wishing to prevent my rod from ending up in the river and not knowing what else to do, I continued to reel and pull until the dead animal escaped from the frigid current and rested in a soggy heap on the riverbank at our feet. With it fully removed from the water, we realized that what had been caught on my line was actually only the front half of the deer; the back half was completely gone, replaced by a stream of red innards as well as white fragments of the severed spine.

Groggy moved his face toward the dead deer in order to conduct an investigatory sniff, but my cousin shooed him away weakly. “Jesus,” he said. He looked ready to puke. “What do you think did *that*?”

“A bear, maybe?” I said, not believing my own explanation. 

Evidently my cousin didn’t either. He shook his head. “I dunno, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a bear do something like *this* before. And why would it move its prey to the river afterwards?”

I shrugged, not having a rebuttal for him. My mind was elsewhere, thinking about an article I’d read recently about three hikers being mauled to death by a grizzly on a similar trail only five or so miles away from the one we had taken to our campsite. They hadn’t found the culprit; could that same beast have been in our neck of the woods now, practicing its brutal techniques near our campsite? I didn’t like the thought of it.

Thankfully I wouldn’t need to think of that possibility for long. As I stood staring at the ruined deer, my mind was suddenly enveloped by a nauseating scent that overwhelmed my nose and made me physically retch.

My cousin covered his mouth and nose with his shirt. “What the hell is *that*?”

At first I thought the stench belonged to the deer carcass, but a moment’s consideration made me doubt this explanation. It looked fairly fresh, not dead nearly long enough to produce such a rotten smell, and anyway, I had walked by many dead deer in my day, most of which were in worse states of decomposition than our river friend, and none of them had come even *close* to smelling like what we were presently subjected to.

My concentration was again broken, this time by Groggy’s sudden, unexpected growling. My cousin and I looked down at his dog, who was now facing the treeline behind us, once again as stiff as a tree trunk, the hairs on his back and tail as sharp as needles.

“What’s wrong, Grog?” my cousin said, looking back and forth between the treeline and his dog. “What do you see?”

Groggy ignored his master. He continued his long, droning growl, his glare fixed on the thick shadows that took up residence just beyond the treeline. I turned my eyes, watering with the horrible stench, in the direction of the dog’s angry gaze, but I couldn’t see anything past the dense thicket of trees and the darkness that permeated the space therein. My mind flashed back to the news story of that ravenous grizzly, still at large, and I suddenly found myself wishing that I’d taken that firearms class with my sister earlier in the year.

Then came the sound of rustling in the brush. I thought I saw movement beyond the trees, large ferns flapping their thin, verdant bodies in our direction as if they were waving hands, and I fully expected to see that very same grizzly come bounding out of the treeline, hunger in its eyes and violence on its mind. But instead the rustling came to a stop, and the ferns ceased their little dance. The three of us stood staring at the shadow-drenched brush for more than a minute before Groggy finally allowed himself to relax, his persistent growl coming to an end. Only when their chirping returned did I realize that all the birds in the area had gone completely silent since the arrival of the stench, which was already beginning to fade away.

My cousin and I, each breathing a sigh of relief, looked at each other now.

“What was *that*?” I said.

My companion shook his head. “I’m not sure. Could’ve been a bear.”

“Grizzly?”

“I doubt it,” he said. “Maybe a black bear. Something timid enough that ol’ Groggy here was able to intimidate it.”

I looked at beast and master, then back at the treeline, which suddenly looked a little less black. “You think we should get back to camp and pack up?” 

“You mean go back home after taking so long to get out here?” He shook his head again. “Nah, screw that. We’re staying for at *least* one night.”

“But what if that thing comes back?”

“I don’t think it will,” he said. “Not now that it knows Grog means business.”

I considered this for several seconds, feeling unconvinced. “Well, alright then.”

“We’ll be fine,” he said. “And if we ever feel like we’re in danger, we’ll pack it up.” He paused, waiting for affirmation from me. When he didn’t get it, he went on. “Anyway, we should probably get back to camp.” He glanced at the half of a deer carcass dripping death onto the riverbank. “I don’t want to be near that thing in case something out here is looking for an easy snack.”

“Yeah,” I said. “Let’s go.

We returned to our campsite and set about preparing our fire. The crisp afternoon air was soon ablaze with the fresh flame, which crackled in defiance of the stinging December chill. We spent the remainder of the afternoon around the warmth of our campfire, drinking beers and talking about whatever came to mind. My brain felt distant and distracted the entire time as I thought about the eviscerated deer, and the thing that Groggy had felt threatened by that watched us from the shadows. I couldn’t help but wonder if the two things were related, though I hoped with all the enthusiasm I had within me that they were not.

“Maybe it got hit by a truck,” my cousin said after a period of silence, seemingly reading my mind. “There are some roads upriver that go right by the water. Could be that a semi hit that poor thing and sent its front half tumbling into the river while its back half got stuck in the truck’s grille or something.”

I didn’t much care for that mental image, but it offered an explanation that my worried mind evidently found acceptable, if not a little farfetched. I shrugged with hesitant acceptance as I sipped from my beer. “Yeah. Maybe.”

We left it at that, and didn’t resume our conversation until about an hour later, when it was time to prepare our dinner. My cousin began fileting our one keeper of a fish while I set to work boiling water in our cast iron pot and dicing up some vegetables for what was going to be a fish stew. I regularly glanced at Groggy, sitting in front of the fire, as I worked. I noticed that, while he hadn’t gone back on the alert like he had down by the river, he also had never settled back into a state of total relaxation, either. He’d not gone back to sleep since the incident on the riverbank, and kept his gaze focused intently on the thick treeline, as if he expected to detect something there at any moment that would require him to jump into action. His calm readiness filled me with an unshakable chill that persisted despite the raging fire that burned so close to me.

My cousin finished fileting our fish, and we tossed our ingredients into the boiling pot just as the last vestige of sunlight was kissing the world goodbye. The wafting smell of our cooking food drifted on the evening winter air and immediately set my stomach to rumbling. After a long, tiring day, the two of us were incredibly eager to enjoy a warm bowl of stew while relaxing around the hot, cozy fire. Unfortunately, we wouldn’t get the chance to. We didn’t know it at the time, but we would never get to do either of these things together again.

We were sitting around the campfire, chatting while waiting for our stew to finish cooking, when it happened. I don’t remember if the stench or Groggy’s growls came first, but I soon found myself with my coat pulled up over my nose to guard me from that familiar putrid smell while watching the freshly alert dog growling into the sinister darkness being kept at bay by the wall of trees.

I shared a glance with my cousin, who also covered his face with his coat. Though neither of us said a word, the thought that seemed to pass between the two of us like static electricity in the cold air was obvious.

Groggy stood glaring into the trees as that familiar stench overpowered the smell of cooking food and suffocated our campsite with its malice. The dog’s growls grew more angry, more savage; firelight glistened in the thick foam of saliva forming over his sharp, dangerous teeth. I barely noticed either of these things. In that long, terrible moment, the only thing my mind could focus on was that awful, awful smell.

“Easy Grog,” my cousin said, his voice somehow breaking through the heavy miasma that clung to the air like a plague. “Settle down, boy.”

If Groggy heard his master’s words, he had no intentions of heeding them. A few moments later he took off in a powerful sprint, barking like mad as he barreled toward the swallowing darkness. He disappeared into the gloom just as my cousin called for him to come back. Groggy continued to snarl and bark like a thing possessed until these sounds, much like his visage, were also lost to the all-consuming shadows. I would never see the poor dog again.

“Groggy!” my cousin yelled as he shot to his feet, his voice echoing through the trees. “Groggy, come back!”

Groggy didn’t come back. It was as if he had suddenly vanished off the face of the Earth. When the dog showed no signs of returning, my cousin dug into his nearby backpack and pulled from it a large flashlight. He turned on the light and began rushing after his beloved pet before my cry for him to stop caused him to pause.

“I have to go after Groggy,” he said. “I can’t leave him out there. You can stay here if you want, but I’m going.”

Knowing that I would be unable to convince my cousin of anything else, and knowing that I had no other choice, I reached into my bag and pulled out a flashlight of my own. I then squared up next to my cousin, and the two of us made our way into the trees.

I somehow knew going into our search that we would never manage to find Groggy. He was lost to us already; this much was clear to me. All I could do now was hope that my cousin would soon come to his senses, and we’d be able to return to the relative safety of our camp. Future events would eventually shatter my perception of our campsite as a bastion of security, but while wandering in that massive catacomb of trees, there was nowhere else I wanted to be than in front of our warm fire, as far away from the creeping darkness as I could have possibly gotten out in that terrible, isolated forest.

We wandered about in that swirling, black-drenched wood for what felt like an eternity or two, perilously stepping over gnarled roots and twisted bramble, barely avoiding patches of harsh, grabbing brush that would surely break an ankle of anybody foolish enough to step within its grasp. Guided by the meager glow of our flashlights, we moved slowly and methodically, both of us calling out Groggy’s name, neither receiving an answer. Snow began to fall as we walked, its gentle, floating dance only contributing to the Rorschach that was the surrounding forest. My shivering body screamed and ached for the warmth of the fire, but by then I wasn’t even sure we’d be able to find our way back to camp if we wanted to, and I feared the very real possibility that we could end up trapped in that labyrinth of a forest until dawn, or maybe even forever.

I asked my cousin to return to camp several times. Each plea was ignored. The thing that finally convinced him to turn back was when he almost went tumbling down a sudden, sharp ledge that he only managed to avoid thanks to my successful catch of his arm. This gave him the much-needed clarity that I was hoping he’d find, and we agreed that the best thing we could do for Groggy would be to rest until dawn, when we could properly search for him. We turned back in the direction that we thought the camp was in, and for several agonizing minutes, my brain was flooded by the resurfacing fear that we’d never actually make it back. Relief flooded me when I saw the gentle glow of our campfire breaking through the trees ahead of us, telling me that the salvation of our camp wasn’t too far off after all.

At the time, I was ecstatic just to be getting back to the comfort and familiarity of our camp. Looking back on it now, though, returning to that site might have been the worst mistake we could have made. If I could go back and do it over, I would gladly take wandering through the dark forest over the events that followed. Had we stayed away, my cousin could still be alive today to tell his side of this nightmarish story.

We saw the figure, silhouetted by the shadows cast by the flame, hunched in the center of our camp. Thankfully it was turned away from us, which gave us enough time to kill our flashlights before their beams managed to alert it to our presence. It had already plunged our camp into a state of disarray — our tent torn to sunders and thrown into the treeline; our hastily tossed backpacks in similar states of ruin and lying in messy heaps, where they slowly suffocated beneath a layer of fallen snow; our pile of collected logs scattered along the ground as if toppled by a bowling ball — and was cautiously making its way, crawling on all-fours, toward the boiling pot overtop the fire. It seemed wary of the campfire, but its hunger or curiosity or compulsion toward violence forced it to creep closer and closer to the scent of our cooking food.

The figure sniffed the steamy air above the pot before it gave the receptacle a cautionary tap, and upon realizing that it was safe, grabbed the pot’s cast iron lid with its massive, hairy hand and tossed it away as if it were carelessly throwing a frisbee. The lid clattered against the cold earth just as the figure thoughtlessly reached its thick manus into the boiling water and pulled out a messy ball of cooked fish in the same way someone would grab a sand dollar out of the ocean. Our guest greedily shoved the ball of fish into its mouth, and evidently liking what it tasted, went back for more, snorting and slobbering as it quickly devoured handful after handful of what was meant to be our dinner. It accidentally knocked the suspended pot to the ground, spilling its contents onto the cold earth, but this only encouraged the thing to scoop up the remaining food with both hands, swallowing it back eagerly along with any dirt and grass and rocks that it happened to grab along with its intended meal.

My flesh felt as cold as the wintry air all around us as we watched this hellish scene unfold. For a while I thought I had forgotten how to move, but eventually I managed to turn my head enough to share a glance with my cousin, who looked to be about as terrified as I felt. He gestured back into the woods with his head. I nodded, and together we began slowly backing away from the creature that was enjoying its dinner in the center of our camp.

We might have actually gotten away unnoticed, too, had my cousin’s blood sugar alert not gone off.

The shrill, echoing sound of my cousin’s phone caused the creature hunched in the clearing to rise to its full, gargantuan height, its body twisting in our direction at an absurd speed. The beast’s furious eyes glowed bronze in the moonlight, and glared at us with a threat of malice the likes of which I had never seen before, and have not witnessed since. Its sharp maw, filthy with the hanging flesh of fish, transformed into a snarling mess of gnashing teeth and seething hate.

And with a huge, bounding step, it began to close the space between us.

My cousin, throwing his screaming phone into the treeline, yelled for me to run, but his words came as I was already well into my own sprint into the waiting wood. Together we rushed out of the clearing and into the gloom of the forest, our newly alive flashlights flailing wildly in our grips, doing very little to guide us through the imposing darkness. To this day I have no idea how I managed to avoid getting snagged by an upturned root or smacked in the face by a low-hanging branch. I didn’t think of these potential hazards at the time; all I could focus on was my burning lungs, my screaming legs, and the terror that kept me moving in spite of them.

I didn’t notice my cousin falling behind. He had always been the more athletic between the two of us, so it didn’t occur to me that he would ever be the one to tire out first. I had forgotten all about his rapidly dropping glucose levels, my mind lost in my desperate flight from the danger that chased us in the form of that massive, hulking beast that I could hear growling and snorting and howling behind us.

I was able to steady my flashlight’s beam long enough to notice the hollow in the tree only a few yards away. It promised safety, protection, a place to hide, and in my desperation and panic, I sprinted toward it with all the speed that I could possibly muster. I slid through the welcoming threshold of the hollow like a baseball player just barely reaching home plate, then turned around to look for my cousin. I expected him to be right behind me, and when I saw just how far back he was, my stomach transformed into a series of knots that I’m not sure I’ve ever managed to fully untie. I didn’t dare to leave the safety of my new sanctuary in order to go help him. Part of me regrets this decision, but the other part of me knows that had I tried, I likely would have shared in his fate.

Maybe that would have been for the best.

He was barely two yards from the hollow, and would have made it in a matter of seconds had he not fallen. I don’t know if his body gave out due to plummeting blood sugar or if he merely tumbled over something in his path, but either way, the result was the same. He went down. And he would never get back up.

My cousin’s flashlight spun like a twirling figure skater as it fell from his grip. It landed so that its beam was facing him, giving me plenty of light by which to see him in his final moments. He spotted me in the hollow, our gazes meeting for those brief few moments that he had left. I could see the terror in his eyes, residing in a home that would soon be abandoned, where shortly would live nothing at all.

And then the beast was upon him.

It is here that I must confess to the slight inaccuracy of this post’s title. To tell the truth, I never actually saw the extent of what happened to my cousin. I only watched a brief moment of the carnage before I retreated deeper into the hollow, but in that moment I saw enough horror to last me for the rest of my life. I remember thinking just how easily my cousin’s body was relieved of his arm, as if he were made of freshly molded clay. Pressing my back against the arboreal wall of the hollow, I shut off my flashlight and closed my eyes as tightly as I could. I wanted to cover my ears, but I didn’t. I figured I owed my cousin that much at least.

I sat there, in my hollowed out tree, in my own world, listening until the screaming and the growling and the tearing all stopped. And then I sat there for longer. I sat there shivering with equal parts terror and cold, hoping that the beast was gone, and that it couldn’t hear me, or smell me, or somehow see me through that wall of bark. I stayed there, refusing to move or think, barely breathing, until the stench of that horrible creature slowly faded away, and all that remained in the air was the foul smell of iron. Only with the coming of dawn and the return of chirping birds did I finally muster the courage to depart from my hollow.

Dark blood painted the snow and brush where my cousin had fallen, but his body was nowhere to be seen. Not even his torn off arm remained, though bits of leftover gore lay sprinkled all about the surrounding surfaces of the forest like spent confetti. A trail of blood and disrupted foliage created a path leading away from the hollow, disappearing into the trees. I turned and went in the opposite direction.

Thankfully my route was the correct one, eventually leading me back to familiar territory. From there, it was only a short distance back to the ruins of our camp. The fire was reduced to dead cinders, the pit coated in new snow. As I stepped closer to the vestige of the campfire, I noticed several massive impressions in the earth which acted as basins for the previous night’s precipitation. I didn’t need to draw very close to them in order to see just how much bigger those impressions were than my own feet.

I made my way to my cousin’s tattered backpack, praying that he had put his car keys in it the day before. Much to my dismay, I couldn’t find them in any of the bag’s pockets. Panic began to grow in me as pocket after pocket turned out to be devoid of the keys, but this strengthening tension broke when I noticed something shimmering on the ground near the bag, and found the keys half-buried in the snow. Scooping them up, I headed in the direction of the trail that would eventually lead me back to my cousin’s car. I didn’t offer the campsite another glance as I left. Even at the time, I knew that I would never see it again.

The walk back to my cousin’s car was long and cold. Without my cousin and Groggy to keep me company, it was an incredibly lonely journey. I wished Groggy was there to chase a squirrel or chipmunk into the brush. I wished my cousin was there to stop and check his glucose levels after his alert went off. The isolation of it all was suffocating, almost overwhelming; I had to continuously fight the urge to lie down in the snow and close my eyes, praying that I never opened them again, knowing that I probably would. When I reached my cousin’s car, I took a few minutes to wipe the coating of snow away from the vehicle before I climbed in, adjusted the seat, and attempted to bring the thing to life. It wouldn’t turn over at first, and I feared that the cold had sapped it of its battery, but a few seconds of persistence saw the tired engine come grumbling awake. After sitting in the vehicle’s heat for a bit in order to allow my frigid body some time to defrost, I threw the car into drive and made my way down the mountain, silently saying goodbye to that old, familiar trail for the last time as I went. I drove for a few miles until finally getting a signal on my phone, which I used to hastily dial 9-1-1. The sound of another person’s voice caused me to immediately break down into bitter, sobbing tears.

It took them days to find my cousin’s body, but they eventually discovered what remained of it near the riverbed, lying sprawled beneath a tree. The only way they were able to identify him was by syncing his phone, which they had found well before locating his corpse, with the glucose monitor embedded into his still-attached arm. I guess I’m thankful the beast chose to spare that single limb; it made his recovery just a little bit easier.

My cousin was ruled to have been killed by an especially vicious bear. A grizzly was found sleeping in a den near his corpse, and was promptly terminated before it could wake up. The bear’s demise brought the rest of my cousin’s family and friends some sort of peace, but it did nothing for me, because I know the truth. I know that poor bear was unjustly blamed for my cousin’s death, but I have no choice but to go along with the lie. I’m forced to pretend that what I saw that night was a hungry grizzly, and not what I truly know it to be.

Let me end this by saying that I’m sorry I ever doubted you, Sasquatch. I know what it means to fear you now. I’ll know it every time I see a goofy, hairy character on a bumper sticker or watch a humorous beef jerky commercial on TV. I’ll know it when I’m out at night taking the trash to the dumpster and I suddenly see a figure that looks like it’s watching me from the nearby treeline, or when I smell a horrible stench wafting on the air that is far too familiar. That fear, that unrivaled terror, will live with me forever, waiting just beyond my reach until those few and far between moments that it comes crashing to the forefront, and I’m reminded of what I saw and heard and smelled and experienced that night.

And if I’m lucky, it will only ever be a small fraction of the fear that my cousin felt in those last few moments of his life.
Title: The House I Squatted In Never Existed (Part One)

My therapist told me that writing this all out would help. She said that it would put everything into perspective and help me realize what happened to me wasn't real. I don't know if she's right. It all still feels so real. Raw.

Either way, I'm writing everything out and will be posting it here. For one, it'll help me keep track of what I have and haven't written, and it may help me find someone who can relate to what I've been through. I doubt anyone has, but hey, have to stay positive.

I'll update as I remember and write out everything that happened. Hopefully, something good will come of it.

**. . .**

My father committed suicide when I was six years old.

When you're that young, you don't really understand much beyond the fact that Daddy is never coming back home. And that Mommy will never be the same again.

She was always a drinker, but when Dad died, it increased tenfold.

She hit me for the first time when I was eight. I don't remember what I said at all, but I remember my cheek stinging afterwards. The look on her face could be best described as indifferent. She didn't look like she hated me, but she didn't look like she loved me either. Her eyes told me *you're my son, and I have to love you.*

I'll never forget that look. It was a look that told me all I needed to know; I didn't belong there.

I ran away for the first time when I was thirteen. It was only a couple of days—police respond pretty fast on reports of a homeless thirteen-year-old—and I was back in my mother's chokehold.

I remember the taste of blood more than anything that day.

When I was fifteen, Mom got a boyfriend, Darren.

My year with Darren was hell. Shouting matches, fist fights, nights slept at the bus stop, all while my mother witnessed it with a bottle in her hand. As the year went on, it got harder and harder to convince teachers that I was just a really clumsy boy.

My sixteenth birthday was my final straw. I came home to my mother passed out on the couch while Darren tried to rip off her clothes. I led with my fists first. They connected with the back of his head, and he fell to the ground hard. When he got up, I immediately regretted it.

I was thrown against the wall and beaten until I couldn't stand. My blurry vision watched as blood dripped onto the floor below me, and Darren's voice drifted in and out. But I did hear one thing clearly.

"Get the fuck out of my house!"

Didn't take much convincing after that.

With nothing but my father's heavy leather jacket and a backpack, I walked to the bus stop and cried myself to sleep on a cold bench.

It seemed my absence from school went mostly unnoticed; until Maddie called.

Maddie was a fiery little redhead who’d had some strange fascination with me since middle school. I never understood it until I met her father. The richest man in the city, with property on every square inch, the fact that I breathed the same air as his perfect daughter pissed him off. And she loved pushing his buttons. So of course, we started dating.

I never told her about what happened at home, but I didn't need to. She saw every scar, every bruise, every black eye. She never asked; she would just kiss me and remind me she was there. Whether she actually cared for me or not, I didn't care. It was just nice to have someone like her in my life.

She called me after a few absences. She sounded worried, but I didn’t feel right asking her for a place to stay. Winter was coming, though, and I was pretty sure I was developing hypothermia. I needed a warm bed. She was the only one I trusted to give me one. 

There was a tree at the side of her house, big, tall, and directly next to her bedroom window. I’d used that tree a hundred times to sneak into her room, fool around and get chased out by her dad. It was always fun.

I climbed up that tree again when the cold had become too much to bear. She met me at the window with a smile—as warm and bright as I remembered—and slid the window open. “Hey, loser.” She said sweetly, but her smile faded slightly when the soft pink lights of her room lit up my face. “You okay?”

“As okay as usual.” I put my hands on the thick branch above my head and leaned forward. “Got kicked out again.” She ignored my words and put a gentle hand to my cheek. I winced a little at her touch. It didn’t hurt, but gentleness like hers still shocked me. 

“What’d he do this time?” She asked in a whisper. I shrugged and let my gaze drift away from her. My silence only seemed to grow her curiosity. “Kris. Talk to me.”

“I’m fine,” I said a little too quickly as my eyes returned to hers. “I need a place to stay for a few days.” She gave a sad sigh before she responded. 

“You know you can’t stay here, as much as I want you to. Dad will kill us both.” I rolled my eyes at the mention of her father. I’m not sure any father would just accept some homeless kid into their house, but if that homeless kid were dating their daughter, they’d at least think about it. Mr. Morgan would strangle me with his bare hands before I even got to ask. 

“Just tonight, Mads.” I pleaded quietly. “I’m cold.” Maddie gave me a small smile and grabbed the studded lapel of my jacket. 

“Get in here, idiot.” She giggled and pulled me through the window. I stepped in quietly, something I had gotten quite good at over the years. “You wear this jacket so damn much, you’d think you’d never get cold.” Her hands, warm and soft, slipped under my jacket and shrugged it off my shoulders. It hit the floor with a thud, and I felt her hands trace down my chest and to my arms. I pulled away instinctively, but she gripped my wrist and pulled it back towards her. “You’ve been doing it again.” Her fingers gently traced the raised skin slashed across my wrists. I let her fingers wander my ledger of failures and thought of any excuse I could. None came to mind.

“It’s been rough, Mads.” I whispered. She looked up at me and stepped closer. Her hand squeezed my wrist as she placed a kiss on my cheek. 

“Get in bed. You’re safe here for the night.” 

I slept like a baby that night, with her arms squeezing me like a teddy bear. Like she was scared I’d disappear in the middle of the night. I was scared of that myself.

When the morning sunlight hit my face, she was still clinging to my side. I opened my eyes to find she had been awake and just staring at me. “What?” I groggily asked. 

“You look so peaceful when you sleep.” Her mouth curved into a small smile, and she shifted to rest her head on my shoulder. “We have an hour before dad comes up to check on me.” 

“I can think of a few-”

“Shut up!” She interrupted me with a smack to my chest. “We need to talk about where you’re gonna stay.” I squeezed her slightly. 

“I can get used to living here.” She giggled and shook her head.

“If you only plan on living for another forty-five minutes, sure.” Her face dropped a little, and I felt her heart skip a beat. Her hand travelled down my arm, but stopped before she got to my wrists. “I wish you could. I really do. But I’m serious, Kris. You need somewhere permanent.” I sighed and sat up, my head resting against the wall behind us. 

“I’m not going to a shelter,” I admitted quietly. “They freak me out.” 

“What about an orphanage?”

“Not many jumping at the chance to scoop up someone like me.” She frowned and looked up at me. Our eyes met, and I saw nothing but concern fill her sparkly green eyes. It made me smile, and without a second thought, I kissed her. She seemed surprised, but smiled again and kissed me. The outside world melted while our lips connected; it felt as though this was what life was supposed to feel like. When she pulled away, I felt the world come back into focus. It was disappointing. 

“I have an idea.” She whispered against my lips. “It’s stupid, that’s your specialty.” I gave a small chuckle as she propped herself up on her elbows. “My dad has a bunch of properties he’s abandoned. They get plumbing, power, everything, and he barely remembers he’s paying for them. Why don’t we try one of them?” I laughed a little.

“A place to live, and I get to fuck with your dad? No need to sell me, princess.” She smiled wide—that was her favorite nickname—and she kissed me again. 

“We have thirty minutes, loser,” she whispered against my lips as her hands roamed my chest and she straddled my waist. “Get to work.”

We met again later that night at the closest gas station to her house. I sat on the curb, my jacket wrapped tight around me, the glow of the Circle K sign bathing me in a red hue. I shivered, sighed, and watched my breath fog in front of me as the clicking of heels made themselves apparent. “You don’t have to dress up for me.” I said with a small chuckle. 

“I went to dinner and came straight here.” She said with that tinge of annoyance I’d grown to love. “Mom and Dad think I’m with Liv, so we'd better hurry.” I stood and gave her a once-over: long coat that was worth more than my entire life, a long, multicolored scarf, and a thick, woven sweater. I couldn’t help but wonder if she understood we were planning on breaking into a house tonight. 

“How far is it?”

Not far. We walked for maybe ten minutes before coming upon a barely lit neighborhood. One streetlamp lit up the corner, but the houses were shrouded in darkness. It was an eerie thing, seeing such a suburban dream trapped in limbo. She grabbed my hand and walked me down the street. We passed empty house after empty house, and I wondered how the hell we had a homeless crisis. “I got a peek at Dad’s listings and found one he’s paid the least amount of attention to,” Maddie explained as she pulled me further into the darkness, “has heat, plumbing, electricity, everything.”

“You sure he won’t notice?” I asked skeptically.

“No one lives here, he never comes down here; you’ll be fine. Promise.” She flashed me a sweet smile and I felt my nerves calm slightly. We stopped at our destination, and my eyes followed the structure in front of us. It was one story, obviously outdated, but it had a certain charm to it. It was built sturdy, stone walls, a shingled roof, and a few too many windows for my liking. The door seemed to be the oldest element, its blue paint chipped and falling onto the porch. Maddie turned to me and smiled. “What do you think?”

“It’s bigger than I’m used to,” I admitted quietly and absentmindedly. She gave a small giggle, kissed my cheek, and pulled my arm again to drag me to the door. It opened with ease when she turned the knob. We were greeted with a dark, empty house. Unfurnished and eerily quiet. Something in my chest tightened when I crossed the threshold between sleeping on the streets and sleeping in a house; this felt wrong. Maddie flicked a switch—it was so loud I swore it echoed—and the lights took a few seconds to fill the room. The floors were tile, a creamy white color that had too much reflection, and the kitchen, which was just visible from where I stood, looked strangely rustic when compared to the rest of the house. I kept my mouth shut, but my stomach turned.

“Weird,” Maddie whispered before she turned to me. “Empty houses freak me out. Like…” She trailed off and cleared her throat. “Thankfully, there should be a bed in here!”

We took a left down a small hallway and walked through the only door into the bedroom, empty except for a basic wooden frame with a mattress sat in it. Covers were pulled tight against it, white sheets were bright, and the pillows looked fluffed. “You’re sure no one lives here?”

“Nope!” Maddie smiled. “Dad just loved to make sure he had a place to sleep in case he was stuck in one of these houses.” My eyes were stuck to the bed. Perfectly made in the center of this empty, forgotten room. I pushed the anxieties out of my mind and let out a breath. 

“It’s better than the bus station.” I said with a laugh. Maddie smacked my arm. 

“You can say thank you, idiot!” We both laughed, and I pecked her lips. 

“Thank you, Mads. Really.” I smiled, turned back to the bed, and felt a feeling I hadn’t felt in years; I didn’t want to sleep alone tonight. “Are you staying with me?” I asked as I turned back to face her. My voice gave away more fear than I had meant it to. 

“I can’t,” Maddie replied solemnly, “they’re expecting me back home soon. But, I’ll come by tomorrow with some groceries, okay?” I kept the disappointment off my face and simply nodded.

“Okay.” I leaned in and kissed her again, letting my lips linger a few seconds longer on hers. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” She grabbed my hand, squeezed it, and gave me another small kiss.

“See you tomorrow, loser.” 

I watched her leave, and when the door shut, unease washed over my body. I needed to know this house, every corner, or else I wasn’t going to be able to sleep. I walked back out to the hall and froze in the doorway. 

There was another door. That was impossible. We walked down the hall, there was *one* door. One. But I stood there and stared at the one in front of me. I felt my heart quicken. My hand moved before I could think, and I grabbed the knob. I reeled back immediately. 

It was *freezing.* It was so cold it hurt to touch. 

I gripped my right hand in my left and jumped when I heard something behind the door. Laughter. A child’s laughter.

*That wasn’t real,* I thought to myself. It was just my imagination, hallucinations brought on by sleeping for a total of eight hours over the past three days. 

The door laughed again.

I turned and walked down the hall, into the unfurnished living room. The lights were still on. Something about that made me feel safe. 

I took a few minutes to wander the house—it felt bigger than it looked—and made sure every window was shut and locked. My nerves calmed slightly after this procedure was done. But I kept the lights on. If no one came down here anyway, no one would call the cops. And I didn’t want to sleep in the dark. I felt like a child thinking that way, but something about that damn door made me feel like that. The way it laughed when I passed it again to get to the bedroom. I hated it. 

But, it was all a dream. I just needed to catch up on sleep and things would feel more rational.

I had a funny way of being wrong back then. Because when I woke up the next morning, the door was still there, and the laughing only grew louder.

 
[Part Two](
Title: I've never really liked birds

It's hard enough to lose your job, try moving into my cousin, Chris' basement. He promised he would clear out the old stuff my aunt and uncle had be collecting for what seemed like centuries. He hadn't but considering all and all, I wasn't going to complain.

I arrived around 5pm and in the middle of December, so it may have well been midnight with how dark it was outside. At least the basement was warm. Chris showed me the door to downstairs and handed me the key to door that led outside. "You can use the upstairs door for most things, but I'm required by the Fire Marshall to give you this in case of a fire. Also, for fire safety, use the room with a window for your bedroom and the other for storage."

I nodded, half in a daze. It had been a 4 hour drive and I was ready to make any four walls a bedroom and any flat surface a bed. I took the key and dragged my measly duffel bag down the stairs with me. It was a standard basement, large room at the end of the stairs with two doors on the back wall leading to bedrooms. The door on the side led up a set of stairs to the outside.

I'm sure the decor was chic in the 70s, but now the burnt orange carpet, wood and brick felt ominous, especially with the dim incandescent lights. I settled onto the cream couch with brown print pastoral scenes and a plastic covering to protect it. The plastic crinkled under my weight. My eyelids met for but a second. The sound of gun fire in rapid succession, like a machine gun, jolted me awake. I thought my cousin lived in a fairly safe neighborhood. I ran upstairs.

My cousin sat calmly at the kitchen table working on a puzzle. He looked at me equally puzzled. "You ok?" He asked.

I fidgeted."Yeah, did you hear that?"

"Hear what?"

"It sounded like a gun going off-"

"Haven't heard anything. You wanna check the ring camera?" He stretched out his phone for me to take.

I shook my head. "No, that's ok. I might have dreamed it."

I could tell from the way he was looking at me, he assumed my losing my job was from a mental break.

"Alright then." And he went back to his puzzle and I back down stairs.

In order to make room for my bed, I moved around his parent's old stuff. To prevent myself from dozing I softly sang to myself the comfort song of my childhood. *"I know you, I walked with you once upon a dream"* my voice filled the empty space with a slight echo.

I found an old photograph peeping out of one box. It was of a tall handsome man with long flowing hair, one I didn't recognize. His appearance neither fit the 1970s nor any particular time period. He felt so out of place but I couldn't put my finger on why. He didn't quite feel, human, to me for reasons I could not articulate.

Suddenly a soft voice resonated from one of the backrooms. It's familiarity pulled me in. As I grew closer to the voice emanating from the closet, I recognized the song.

*"I know you, I've walked with you once upon a dream. I know you, the gleam in your eyes is so a familiar a gleam."* It was a deep baritone voice.

As my hand neared the door I suddenly heard a crash upstairs. I left and ran up to my cousin's side. He was on the floor jerking suddenly, caught in a seizure. I grabbed his nasal spray from the counter and gave him a dose. He slowly came to.

"Laura?"

"Yeah, I'm right here." I gently held his head in my lap.

He smiled and closed his eyes. "I probably should head to bed for the night."

"Do you need help up the stairs?" I gently pulled his wheelchair over and helped him back into it.

"No, I can transfer into the lift just fine. Thank you. And thank you for being willing to live with me. I know it's... a lot."

"No, thank you for letting me bum a room off you. You are doing me the favor remember?"

He smiled at this and headed to bed.

I crouched down to pick up puzzle pieces Chris had spilled to the floor. Under the table I spotted something grey-blue and reached out. It was perhaps the softest feather I've ever touched and very long. Too long for the blue jays outback and it was way too cold in these parts for any tropical birds. I mused wondering if it had been part of an art project Chris was working on. I tucked it into my braided hair.

I finished cleaning and headed back downstairs to sleep. Too tired to inflate the air mattress I decided the ugly couch would have to do. I slumped into it and covered myself with the plastic covering, like a makeshift blanket.

"Try not to suffocate to death." I filled the empty with my own voice but also wondered if it wouldn't be bad if I did. After all, I had lost my purpose when I lost my job.

Sleep came quickly and I found my dreams tainted with fears from being homeless and unemployed. My nightmare was interrupted as I heard crunching of plastic and a weight on my chest. I slowly forced my eyes to open and coordinate. Through the distortion of plastic I could see two, glimmering yellow eyes staring back at me.

They watched me with unwavering stillness. I tried to scream or even breathe, but the crushing weight of the entity on my chest prevented both. I heard again a soft singing.

*"I know you, I walked with you once upon a dream."* It used a large bill to pull down the plastic and it stared me straight in the face.

Suddenly I realized where the blue feather from was from. A giant blue bird with a prehistoric appearance stared me down. I wracked my brain to remember, a few weeks ago with Chris. We had visited a dinosaur museum together and I vaguely remember seeing this creature on display there.

"Shoe billed stork?" I wheezed softly.

The animal slowly blinked in the most unnerving way. It nodded and clapped it's beak together producing a very distinct, almost machine gun sound.

*"I know you"* it whispered.

"What? What do you mean-"

"Ssssister." It nuzzled it's beak against me. As it did, I realized it was chewing on my hair. With all the strength I could muster, I quickly rolled it off of me, falling to the ground with it.

The bird let out a horrific shriek of rejection and surprise. It clapped it's beak at me, my bones shuddering at the sound. Not wasting time I rushed for the stairs. It saw my escape and threw its entire weight at them, collapsing them. The remaining steps to the landing hung suspended above my head, too far for me to jump.

"Nooooo!" It hissed. "Need new sample."

I slowly backed up until my back slammed against the door. The bird stood still watching me. It slowly lurched forward with every step. My mind racing, I reached into my pocket gently greeted by the cold metal of the key Chris had given me earlier. As I pulled it out, the stork dove at me, using one foot to pin my torso to the wall.

Pain radiated through my shoulder followed by wetness. I realized it had driven its beak into my trapezius muscle. I could hear the bird cackling as it clacked it bill, consuming my flesh. While it was distracted I shoved the key into the lock and turned the knob. The door flew open and cold rushed in. The creature screeched with displeasure and ran into the bedroom. I slammed the door behind myself and got into my car. I drove for miles, the pain in my shoulder keeping me awake.

It was only after the adrenaline wore down that I realized, I left Chris alone. I found a gas station and pulled in. I dialed his landline. He groggily answered, "hello?"

"Chris! You need to-" The dial tone hummed loudly in my ear. "No, no, no" I dialed again.

This time, a familiar voice answered. "Chris is tired. Can you please call back during the day?"

"What?" I asked dumbfounded.

"Sorry, we aren't interested in what you are selling" I heard my voice speaking back to me.

"Let him go." Tears welled up in my eyes, my voice faltering.

The voice paused and spoke softly. "Chris is perfectly safe. He asked me to move in to take care of him. And it can stay that way. As long as you never come back, do you understand?"

I sobbed in terror.

"Do you understand?"

"Yes." I replied.

"Good. Farewell. Sister."

I drove away and never saw my cousin again. I ended up moving in with my father and found a new job. A few years later I got a Christmas Card, my cousin and me, smiling happily in matching dinosaur sweaters. Only, something about my face didn't look quite human enough.
Title: Now We're Looking For Each Other

It was yet another ordinary day at the mall, at least for a frequent visitor like me. When I entered, the lights appeared slightly blurry, as if the voltage was low. The familiar sights only reinforced that sense of routine: the endless crowd, the continuously rotating escalators, and kids driving those little minivans, crashing into each other violently for two dollars a ride. I stood on the ground floor, taking it all in. Despite the familiarity, there was an unease in the air. People moved in and out in overwhelming numbers, resembling an ant colony in constant motion.

Eventually, I walked toward the escalator leading to the second and then the third floor, where I usually had lunch. On the second floor stood two guys gazing at each other, their eyes almost bulging out of their sockets. They were blocking my way, so I had to interrupt.
“Excuse me, guys, are we good?”
They looked at me in plain surprise, astonished, as if they had been woken up from sleep. Then I stepped onto the escalator. It seemed to move a little faster than normal, and the handrails emitted a faint, steady hum, as though they were trying to communicate something.

People always seemed tense inside the mall. I often noticed moods shifting the moment someone crossed the doorway. I used to think it was just shopping anxiety, the kind that came with crowds and noise. Yet once inside, people behaved rudely and impatiently, snapping over small inconveniences, while after leaving, they seemed to change all of a sudden, like something had been peeled off them. A couple argued loudly near a kiosk, their words disproportionate to the issue, their faces flushed as if provoked by something invisible.

After lunch, I stayed seated for a while, staring at nothing in particular. The area felt unusually quiet, too quiet. That silence lingered just long enough to make me aware of my own breathing before it was broken completely.

It was broken by a call from Jason, my only friend in town. He sounded panicked. His aunt had collapsed. 911 wasn’t responding, and we would have to take her to the hospital ourselves. I rushed toward the escalator, only to find it completely still. It wouldn’t move. I waited a moment longer than necessary before stepping down and treating it like ordinary stairs. As I neared the exit, the door slammed shut without warning.

A guard stopped me and said, smiling calmly, "Sir, you seem to be leaving too early today."
I told him it was an emergency and that I would be back tomorrow. The door opened immediately. I ran to my car and drove straight to Jason’s place.

The next day, I parked in the basement as usual, right beside Robert’s car, the mall owner, who knew me well. Our cars always faced the basement entrance. I remember checking twice. I walked toward the elevator, and the moment I stepped inside, the doors slammed shut on their own. The sound was sudden and violent. The elevator hummed harshly as it carried me to the third floor.

I sat at the same restaurant and ate lunch like I always did, though nothing tasted right anymore. Every sound, the clatter of cutlery, the scrape of chairs, felt intrusive.

Jason’s aunt had died. If I had reached earlier, she might have survived. Jason believed I had delayed on purpose, even though I explained everything repeatedly. His accusations were soft, almost hesitant. I defended myself longer than I should have. The only thing that offered any comfort was a large coffee, followed by two diet cokes. When the urge to pee became unavoidable, I headed to the restroom just two shops away.

Inside, the space looked slightly distorted. The lights flickered unevenly, and then I noticed the guard again, standing at the sink and washing his hands while watching me through the mirror. His presence annoyed me for no clear reason. As he dried his hands under the air dryer, I asked why the escalators didn’t work properly and why the lights felt off. He replied that perhaps the mall was growing older, laughing softly as he added that the technicians would fix it soon. Before leaving, he warned me, almost kindly, that anger could do wonders. The words lingered longer than they should have.

After he left, I was alone in the restroom, though it didn’t feel that way. I sat down and began peeing, my thoughts drifting back to that call and the delay. Then something felt wrong. The toilet seat vibrated slightly, and beneath the stall door, I saw two floor tiles slowly swapping places. A faint grinding sound followed. I stood up immediately, unlocked the door, and stepped out. Everything looked normal again. I told myself I was imagining it.

When I later entered the elevator to head back to the basement, the doors took far longer than usual to open. When they finally did, I stepped out and walked toward my car. It was facing the opposite direction from how I had parked it. Robert’s car remained exactly as before. I opened my door, got inside, and drove home. I collapsed into sleep the moment I reached my bed.

The next day, I demanded access to the CCTV recordings. I needed to know who had reverse-parked my car. The manager said the cameras hadn’t recorded anything due to voltage fluctuations. I parked outside instead.

The mall was overcrowded, it was the weekend, and people flooded every corridor. As I stepped inside, the noise felt heavier than before. People shoved, shouted, and snatched things from one another, reactions arriving faster than reasons. The guard stood motionless, carefully observing the crowd. This time, the lights were clear, and the escalators worked perfectly.

My usual eatery was packed beyond capacity. People talked loudly, their words blurring into hollow noise. A man slammed his tray down over a missing chair. A woman cursed at a child for brushing past her. I left and headed toward the restroom.

Inside, something shifted. I leaned against the sink, staring at my reflection. My face looked unfamiliar, not monstrous, just emptied, as if something had been cleared out to make space. The mall hummed again, low and patient.

A dull thud echoed outside, followed by another. Voices rose, no longer forming proper words. Something slammed into a wall hard enough to make the mirror tremble. A scream tore through the building, and the restroom door burst open.

A man stumbled inside, gripping a baseball bat, his eyes wild. He raised it and charged. I caught the bat. For a brief second, neither of us moved. Perhaps we didn’t want that to happen; something within us was refusing to continue. Then I pushed him away. He lunged again, and I struck him once. He fell, motionless.

Outside, chaos had fully bloomed. People attacked each other with cutlery, metal bars, bare hands. There were frequent pauses too, as if people were trying to resist, trying to halt the violence, but something within them wouldn’t let them. I know what they must have felt like, because I felt it too.

Anytime someone would stop and regain their senses, the escalators would start moving rapidly, tiles shifting here and there. A buzzing hum filled the floor.

I was standing near the escalator when I saw Jason. He wasn’t himself anymore. He was on the lower floor. He took the escalator, which immediately leveled him up. I didn’t see him arrive at the mall. We were just two inches apart. He slapped me hard and began punching me. The guilt worked against me; I couldn’t hit him back. I immediately took the adjacent downward escalator. However, to my surprise, it threw me upward with violent force.

Jason was staring at me while I lay on the floor, his face right above mine, wearing an unusually wide grin. He was going to punch me in the face, but someone grabbed him from behind and threw him down to the ground floor. There, he was caught by other people who circled him. His eyes were locked onto mine. A tiny teardrop slid off his left cheek before the crowd tore him apart. I wanted to cry too, but it turned into anger.

It fueled the anger within me beyond control. And I kept killing until no one remained.

When silence finally settled, I stood there, breathing steadily. Footsteps approached, and the guard emerged, calm amidst the carnage, smiling as if satisfied. He unlocked the main doors and gestured for me to leave. As I stepped outside, he faded into nothingness. I collapsed, crying, ashamed, and confused.

A violent gust of wind tore a massive cloth from a nearby building, revealing an abandoned mall. Its silence felt deliberate and preserved. I ran from there immediately.

The rage hasn’t disappeared completely. I’m left with some permanent scars that don’t react to any treatment; they stay afresh, perhaps to keep the rage alive. It still arrives sometimes, before thought, before reason. Perhaps that abandoned mall had a survivor too.
And now, we are looking for each other.
Title: I Heard My Neighbors' Baby Tell Me His Name Is Misspelled

This all started in September when the Milton family moved in next door.

 

I'll keep the details short, as I don’t want to drag anyone into public drama, so “Milton” isn’t their real surname.

 

Anyway…

 

My life was, for the most part, normal. I went to school, came home, and spent time with my friends. The usual stuff any teenager does, I suppose.

 

Things… started to go wrong once they bought the house next door after my previous neighbor passed away.

 

The Milton family has three members: Claire, the wife; Jacob, the husband; and a 3-month-old baby named Samuel.

 

Everyone liked them the moment they met. It doesn’t hurt that the family is apparently extremely wealthy, though I can’t get into the details of what they do for a living.

 

My parents became good friends with the Milton’s.

 

Yet, every time they came over to our house, I started feeling… something. They acted normal when my parents were around, but when I was alone with them, they stared at me.

 

At first, I thought maybe I was being impolite or too quiet, or maybe I gave them the impression that I disliked them, which, to be honest, I did.

 

Jacob and Claire had this… unnatural behavior around me. I swear, they looked at me like wild animals, much like a dog would freeze when it sees something at night.

 

The oddest thing, though, was the baby.

 

For the life of me, I can’t understand how they managed to spend three hours at our house and never took the baby with them.

 

Whenever I asked where Samuel was, they would get defensive and say they could hear him over the monitor and that he was asleep.

 

No one in their right mind would leave such a small baby alone.

 

Yet, everyone in the neighborhood adored these people, except for me and… my dog, Milo.

 

Milo is a golden retriever, the kindest breed of dog, and an absolute angel among his kind.

 

Milo would NEVER go near these people, and since they moved in, he hardly left his doghouse or my bedroom. He was always on edge.

 

Once, Claire and Jacob passed by him, and Milo shivered in fear. I swear the dog could sense that something wasn’t right with them.

 

I could tolerate them visiting our house occasionally, but this weekend changed everything.

 

For some reason, they invited my family on a weekend trip and asked me to babysit their literal baby.

 

Who in their right mind would leave a three-month-old with a teenager who’d never even held a baby?!

 

I outright refused, but my parents went berserk when I tried to say no.

 

So, I was forced to spend the weekend at their house.

 

I know how unbelievable this sounds, but I’m not exaggerating a single detail.

 

Once the four of them left and handed me the keys, I decided to take Milo with me.

 

The dog would not approach their damn house.

 

Stubborn, I pulled him by the collar and started dragging him toward the house.

 

Milo actually bit me to get away! Thankfully, it wasn’t a real bite… but still.

 

I entered the house, and the first thing I noticed was that the air was stale, as if it hadn’t been aired out since the previous owner died in it.

 

A strong smell of burnt herbs was also present.

 

And it was cold—so cold that you actually had to go outside to warm up.

 

I thought someone left the AC on by accident, but no, it was off.

 

So how did it get this cold?

 

And it wasn’t just chilly; my breath was freezing!

 

I turned the heat on, and imagining I was being chased by some demonic entity, I turned on every single light in the house.

 

Not my electricity bill, I suppose.

 

I saw the basement door and, for whatever reason, decided to put a chair under the knob, just in case.

 

I slowly went upstairs and entered the nursery.

 

Now, you’d think someone would get a normal crib.

 

But no, this crib looked straight out of the 1940s.

 

I looked at Samuel. He was a normal baby boy.

 

What immediately struck me as odd was that he NEVER cried. In fact, he showed no specific response when I picked him up or carried him. He didn’t care that it was freezing cold.

 

He behaved more like a grown man than a baby.

 

I made him some formula, fed him according to the instructions, and changed his diaper.

 

When I turned around to pick something up and then turned back, he had rolled onto his belly.

 

I said, “You can do that? Already?”

 

I picked him up, and he fell asleep, so I put him back in his crib and reached for the door.

 

I swear I heard him say, “I can do much more.” At which point, I jumped back, only to see him still sleeping.

 

Deciding to stay awake as long as possible, I went downstairs and turned on the TV.

 

After watching a few episodes of my series, I grabbed some food from the fridge and started eating.

 

Maybe it was just paranoia, but I think I heard someone turning the knob on the basement door.

 

At that point, I just wanted to leave and go home, but I couldn’t leave the baby alone.

 

Although I sure as hell didn’t want to take him back to my place.

 

So, after a while, I dozed off on the couch.

 

Now, something explainable happened, but it still disturbed me.

 

Supposedly, I had an “hypnagogic hallucination,” as I was later told. But what I heard was “Samuel is a gross misspelling of my name,” followed by an ear-piercing scream in my ear.

 

I couldn’t sleep at all. In fact, I was so scared, I couldn’t even move away from the couch.

 

I started feeling like someone was watching me the whole time.

 

After a while, I heard the baby upstairs.

 

He wasn’t crying. It sounded like someone was trying to cry based on a Wikipedia description of crying.

 

I went upstairs and fed him another bottle of formula.

 

When I turned on the lights, I swear his pupils were dilated—not unnaturally, but still, not nearly as much as they should’ve been.

 

I put him back to sleep and closed the door.

 

Somehow, again, I could hear someone whispering, “Vanessa.”

 

Panicking and not knowing what to do, I made the dumb decision to search the parents’ room.

 

I opened the door and was hit with a foul, moldy stench.

 

The bedroom was full of weird books, most of them in Arabic or Turkish and some in languages I couldn’t even remotely recognize.

 

I didn’t bother taking pictures or reading them as I was already creeped out.

 

Stupidly enough, I opened their medicine cabinet, took a random sleeping pill, and ran back downstairs.

 

Fear and panic make a person make…stupid decisions.

 

I felt drowsy and, quite frankly, drugged as I sat on the couch.

 

And I fell asleep.

 

Now, this is the strangest part.

 

I had the worst nightmare of my life. My dream started as I descended the stairs into the basement. Inside, I saw occult symbols, and Samuel was playing in the middle.

 

I reached to pick him up, and he called out my name.

 

I could almost feel hands touching my face.

 

I looked around and saw dozens of draped-over bodies reaching their hands toward me.

 

I woke up screaming, yet I was still drowsy.

 

By some miracle, my parents had an argument with the Milton’s and made an early return.

 

Mom noticed I was… acting odd, but she made an effort not to give me away.

“Come on, Vanessa,” she pulled me by the hand and walked me back home.

 

Milton and my father exchanged a look and left without a goodbye.

 

As I left, I heard Samuel crying in the nursery. God, how long had he been hungry?

 

We got home, and my parents apologized for putting me in that situation.

 

They looked… disturbed by something, but refused to tell me no matter how much I pressed them.

 

The worst part is that I can’t, for the life of me, remember if the basement door was open or closed when I left.

 

Also, I could swear my mother calling the baby Samael by accident.
Title: My mom only comes out at night

I’ve been taking care of my mom for a couple of years now. She’s the type of person who is very prone to being sick; Like that one kid in middle school throughout winter who’d only show up for a couple of days and be out for two weeks just for recovery.

Regardless, my mom was always catching something one way or another. There were times in high school where I’d have to take off multiple days and forge notes in her name for my absences just to care for her. Most people I tell this story to ask me “How come your father couldn’t take care of her?” Or “Did your siblings ever help you?” Which is honestly fair to ask considering the fact that I have taken a lot of responsibility for her. I’m my mother’s only child, technically.

My father and mother had gotten divorced when I was around 15 years old and my father decided to negotiate taking my little brother with him, and in exchange I stay with my mom. I remember over hearing my father on the phone whenever I’d try to sneak out of the house to avoid the situational passive aggressive violence between the both of them. My dad had become a big smoker near the end of their divorce and I knew it was from the stress of their relationship.

“I’m telling you. That bitch is crazy. There’s something inside her.”

I always tried to listen but it was as if he could notice someone else there with him.

“I can at least save..”

I saw his head tilted a bit to the side

“I’ll call you tomorrow.”

And that was that. I had rushed back to my room, climbing into my bed with haste as I faced the wall. It was quiet for a while, I tried to control my breathing and listen for any signs of him moving and shuffling throughout the hallway. Nothing.

“You should be asleep, Alison.”

That’s all I remember. The rest of the night seemed to be blur but all I know is that a couple months after their divorce is when mom’s randomized sickness started to happen frequently. It’s been 6 years now and I’ve noticed that her sickness comes in waves.

Throughout the day she’ll be fatigued, her body and throat sore from the dry heaving and vomiting she had been doing that morning; But through the night I can always hear movement and dragging from outside my door as I tried to sleep. I’ve never caught anything. Every time I swiftly move towards my door and peek through the crack there would be nothing. I’d go out into the hallway and make my way into my mom’s room making sure she was in bed, and every time I do so she’s always lying there. Still.

Sometime last week I had noticed that each time I went to check on her she’d be moved in an awkward position for someone whose body gave out if they tried to even stand on their own to feet.

11:30 and I had heard the same sounds echoing from the hall, once again I had done what I always did. I had gotten up from bed and made my way to the door peeking my head out into the hallway before taking a step out and making my way to my mom’s room.

Her door was closed this time; I never close her door considering the fact that I have to make sure I can get to her quickly. I felt anxious but what if she was feeling better this time? So I opened the door

“Mom? You okay?”

She was sitting up. Her head slightly lowered, eyes staring at the door, mouth dropped open. She just stared, not a blink or a thought.

“Mom?”

I started to walk towards her. Her eyes following my movements as I made my way to her. A click sound coming from her throat, my eyes growing with worry

“Hey.. you’re okay mom… I’m here..”

Her head leaned forwards before she lifted it smashing the back of her skull against the headboard

“Mom! F..Fuck!”

I tried to stop her, holding her neck, her head, anything. The clicking growing louder as I focused on the cracks that could be heard coming from the back of her head every time she had bashed it against the wooden frame. I placed my hand behind her head trying to shield her but she continued, my hand being pulverized by the sheer force of the bashing against the wood over and over for what felt like hours, then nothing.

She moved herself down slowly and adjusted her head onto the pillow falling asleep. Afterwards my hands were bruised, shaking, strained and bloodied and all I could do was stare at my mom as the pain set in; Wondering if she’d be better off.

She was back to her regular self by morning, vomiting could be heard from my room. I tried to carefully get up from my bed, my hands looked worse that morning. Dry blood still lingered on each knuckle down to some fingers and my hands were practically numb with blue and purple discoloration surrounding them.

I remembered walking to her room, the smell of vomit filling the air. I reach her bed looking at the headboard. Clean. My hand gently slipping under her head lifting it up slightly to check the damage that had been inflicted the night before. Gone, it was gone. “What the..” There was nothing there. No blood. No gash. Everything was clean from her head to the pillow she slept on; But all I could focus on was the pain and hammering headache that was beating inside my head.

“Mom are you okay..?”

Only a slight nod in response. I held my head and walked into her bathroom turning the sink on, I took about three of the painkillers she had been given for daily use and washed it down. Then I took care of her once again. By the time midnight came around I had woken up, my head at the end of her bed.

“Mom..?”

I looked towards the top of the bed, it was empty. “Shit.”

I quickly stood up, my hands pulsing in pain as I used them to support myself upwards. Stumbling out of her bedroom I could hear the same dragging noise coming from downstairs and evidently I followed.

“Mom? You can’t be out of bed. You need rest.”

I stood at the end of the stairs, looking towards my right and into the living room darkness.

“You should be asleep Allison..”

I heard, clicking beginning to fill the living room. I quietly walked stepped into the area, a black figure standing in front of the fireplace before speaking out to me once again.

“You should have gone…”

I took one step closer before stopping myself. Wetness on my foot, a pool of dark liquid filled the spot where my mother was standing.

“M..Mom.. Let’s get you to a doctor.. an ambulance..”

I saw it. She quickly turned swiping our once used kitchen knife as a weapon. Her arms shredded and bare, skin peeling off from her.

“Mom! What the fuck!”

My movements were staggered, it wasn’t long before she swiped again; The knife slicing at my stomach as blood followed the line.

“S..Shit..!” I instantly made my way to the stairs, a hand on my stomach as footsteps pursued me; An instant sharp pain hitting my backside as her knife drilled into me, pulling it out once again. I gripped onto my back losing my balance, I fell onto the stairs and tried using every ounce of strength to pull myself up each step. I could hear her behind me. She’s coming.

With a sudden rush I made my way up the stairs reclaiming my stability, I darted into my bedroom locking myself in while frantically searching for my phone. Bloody trails left throughout the house, traces of bloodied handprints that followed. She was knocking on my door. She was scratching at it. The sound of clicking and growls growing filling my ears and mind.

“Please sweetheart.”

I had found my phone under the nightstand and began to search for my brother’s contact, blood swiping against the screen.

“Please please…” then a click.

“Hello..? What’s up…?”

With a sense of urgency I told him, my words fumbling as I rambled

“Mom ! She’s trying to kill me! Come please!”

Then silence, nothing from the door or phone

“Hello… Eddie!? Fuck.!”

I chucked my phone before standing once again and barricading myself within my room.

“He heard me.. I know he did.. He’s coming..”

Which was repeated over and over before passing out from what I can only assume was blood loss. I was woken by a ringing doorbell and repeated banging door.

“Mm..Eddie..? Eddie!”

I instantly knew it was him and moved everything from the door to rush down the stairs. I gripped onto my back as I made it towards the door, my damaged hands fiddling with the doorknob before opening and without thinking pulling Eddie into a hug.

“Woah woah.. what happened? What was that phone call?”

He pulled away from me and looked me up and down

“What happened to you Ally?! Are you okay?!”

“It.. it was mom Eddie.. she tried to kill me… please.. we have to do something.”

But he just stared at me confusion and concern written on his face before he spoke.

“What do you mean?

Mom’s been dead for years.”
Title: In Darkness The Spider Spoke To Me

I've never been a fan of the dark. When I was a kid, I would wake up in hysterics drenched in sweat. Even when there were five nightlights plugged in my parents would awake to startled cries and horrified gasping.

I would spin tales about the woman who hid in the shadows, the darkness a sheer veil. She would call out to me, begging for an endless embrace. She would crawl forward on needle limbs, scuttling like a ravenous arachnid. Then I would scream and scream until the lights flew on and the specter took her leave.

Medication didn't help, therapy, my parents were at their wits end. Eventually as I got older the night terrors would subside somewhat, and peaceful sleep returned. I never could sleep in total darkness; however. A light from the hall, glaring videos from my phone or draping myself in the blue light of television. Whatever it took to stave off the void.

I still saw her, the araneae figure.  She would loom in the dankest corners of dark, shying away from any illumination. She would weave her silk in lonely despair, her soothing voice begging me to embrace her.

Part of me was tempted to accept the spidress' offer, her curved figure in the dark WAS fairly alluring in my later years. But in my heart, I knew falling into her cold, chitinous arms would be the end of me.

I had never seen the full figure, its monstrous nature hidden from me until that faithful day I housesat for my folks.

Over the summer my parents went on an extended vacation and asked me to house sit for them. Having just graduated and wandering aimlessly as I fumbled to get my career on track, I didn't really have a reason to say no.

My folks lived in a two story on the outskirts of town. Not out of the way but a decent walk from the nearest neighbor. It was a warm June, and as I tidied up the den, I realized I had nothing to do but watch tv and job search. All my friends were own their own trust fund fueled vacations, and I didn't even have enough money for takeout.

I reflected on this grim outlook as the news blared in the background, and I scrolled through Indeed for listings. Before I knew it, it was dusk, a tangerine haze starting to creep in. That's when I first heard it.

*Crrkt-crrkt. Crrkt-Crrkt*

I paused in my self-loathing, looking puzzled. I muted the tv and focused on it. 

*Crrkt-crrkt TAPtaptaptaptap.* 

Something was shuffling around somewhere. It sounded like it was coming under the floorboards. Ridiculous of course, my parents didn't have a cellar. They just put all their trash and family memories out in the shed. 

*taptaptapCRRKTCRRKT*

Louder now, it was coming from-

from under the stairs.

My heart sank, remembering the musty crawlspace under the stairs. You could walk right in, the circuit breaker was located there after all, but to tread further one would have to get on their hands and knees and slip into a tight cubby.

Then they would gain access to the skeleton of the house. I shuddered at that thought, dismissing the sound as a rodent trapped in the walls. Not very brave of me I know, but I avoided that crawlspace like the plague as a kid.

One time I had woken up in the night, another night terror but my parents were nowhere to be found. My safety nets were out as well, I was alone in the pitch. I could hear my father cursing from downstairs, but I was too frightened to call out for him, let alone head down. Instead, I tried to calm myself and focus on the moonlight drifting in from the windows. It was faint, hidden by branches and clouds but it was trying to burst through.

As long as I had the moon, I wasn't truly cast into the dark. The shadows danced to the tune of my overactive imagination, little imps swaying back and forth in the night. Tucked away in the corner was one shadow larger than the rest.

It was shapely and tall. It loomed in the corner like an uninvited guest. My little eyes were glued to it as the figure started to rise. It grasped the corner of the with unseen arms; like it was ready to pounce. Then a click from downstairs, the night lights returned. The figure vanished. The wailing resumed. 

My first encounter with the night weaver.

My mind was flooded with memories now, of shadows lurking and that knowing feeling of being watched.  Losing myself in introspection, I heard the sudden hiss of the Tv snapping off and found myself alone in a room full of dying light. Panic started to set in, and I immediately turned on the flash on my phone. Glancing around the room I heard the chittering resume.

*crrktcrrktcrrktta-BANG*

I jumped at the sound, my heart drowning in my chest as I realized it was the crawlspace door slamming open.  As the sun set, the sounds of some unseen thing grew bolder. It was under me, besides me, above me, at times it sounded like the thing was IN me. I could feel my breath start to choke on itself and I rushed forward, desperate to turn the power back on.

I slide and skittered on the ancient hall carpet as I hyperventilated, I could feel the nothing begin to crush me. I raised my light towards the crawlspace door. It was hanging ajar, the sound emitting deep within the bowels of the house.

For a moment I thought of just leaving. Just getting into my car booking it to the nearest hotel. But then that wouldn't be rational, that would be the actions of a cowardly 22-year-old who still sleeps with the light on. I froze in the hall trying to collect myself. This was it I told myself. I was going to puff up my chest and march into the crawl space. This sound probably wasn't even real, it was probably my own mind hyping up my hysteria. Today was the day I stopped being afraid of the dark.

How naive I was.

As I approached the door, I was overwhelmed by the musty stench of old wood and cobwebs. I aimed my flashlight down and expected the dust covered floor. Messy dots like someone were dragging their fingers along the floor disturbed the muck. I brushed that off and stepped in. I was hunched over immediately, the ceiling cutting off a foot below my height.

Ahead of me was a wall to my left and the breaker in front of me. The lid dangled open, like someone had torn it out in a hurry. My heart fluttered; I hurried over to inspect it. The fuse box was completely torn apart, wires lain in a tangled mess and breakers smashed to bits. 

*crrkt*

To my right. I turned to face the angled cubby, glancing down to see something long and harry drag itself across the floor. I nearly dropped my phone in shock. I turned to run, and the door slammed shut.

"No no no no oh god NO!" I cried out in panic. I pried at the door to no avail. I was huffing and puffing like a mad man, clawing at the door until my fingers bleed. I collapsed to the ground, grasping at my chest. The air grew heavy, the stench of decayed skin particles and mold beginning to take my nostrils hostage. As I buried my head in my knees, tears starting to swell I heard it once more

*Crrkt-crrkt-crrkt.*

I shuddered at the sound, like fangs gnashing against each other. I glanced up, my eyes adjusting to the total black. The sound was coming from the cubby. It was beckoning to me, a siren's lure if I ever heard one. I ran through the options in my mind. I was trapped in this glorified walk-in closet; the only way out was to go deeper.

I tried to be reasonable, whatever it was probably an animal that had gotten in through a hole in the wall or something. A raccoon at worst. If it got in, there must be a hole somewhere, right? I could stuff myself in and escape this hell.

Looking back, it was an awful choice, but it was the only one I had. I shone the light towards the cubby. It looked like I could squeeze in there, no problem. Holding my breath, I steadied myself and slowly shuffled towards it. With a grunt, I jabbed myself in there, my shoulders pinching my chest at the entrance.

 *Crrkt-crrkt*

I ignored the sound and moved forward, pushing myself like a worm wriggling in the mud. The light paved the way, dust dancing in the air as I scurried along. I batted cobwebs and tendrils of matted fur out of my way as I made my way. I soon found myself at the space between walls. The smell of sealant and puffy drywall wafted towards me. I jutted forward; my foot caught on something.

I couldn't claw myself out without both hands but that would mean throwing my phone aside. It would mean facing the chittering dark. I closed my eyes and tossed my phone forward. I heard it clutter to the floor a few inches away. I grabbed the top of the cubby and quickly twisted myself as best I could. I could only turn about halfway, but I felt my foot and kicked off whatever it was caught on. With a grunt I pulled myself out of the cubby and into the skeleton of the house. 

I quickly turned and noticed my phone was a few inches further then where I tossed it. The space between the walls was surprisingly easy to move around in, and I strode over to the beacon of light at a brisk pace. 

Then the phone moved.

I froze. Had I imagined that? I must have. The phone then moved again, quickly now like it was running away on two legs. It was turning a corner, leaving me stranded. I swore and chased after it like a dog with a bone. I slammed into the wall at first, shaking the foundations. Yet I was still close to the light, as long as I was close to it, I was fine. The thing was it kept trying to escape from me. The phone was luring me deeper into the labyrinth of fiberglass.  Turn after turn, mile after mile, I batted webbings and insulation out of my face; I was laser focused on my accursed phone.

The inside of the walls stunk to high heavens, like poison and a strong perfume. I was scurrying along with the phone, ignoring the *crrktcrrkt* and *no* of the thing that lurked in here with me. I just had to get to the light, I was safe there. As long as there was light, I was alone. I almost tripped over myself as the device came to a sudden stop. The smell was strong here, rancid yet sweat and inviting. I paused and reached down to pick up my phone. I squinted at the solid beam of light spotting my vision.

I almost didn't see the long-clawed fingers slowly reach besides me and pick up the phone.

My hand shook as my eyes followed the light. The bottom of the thing was hairy and spiderlike. It was like someone had taken a tarantula and blown it up to life size. It twitched its mandibles, as if coveting the air around me. Attached where the eyes of the spider would be was a long thin torso. It was feminine in features, its skin leathery and ripe. It had long broad shoulders that ended with curled fingers and terrifyingly long nails. It had silk-like hair, the color of the purest of ravens, that covered its pale face. As it brought the phone to its head, I saw that it was featureless. A blank canvas, yet I could tell it was glaring at me. With hate or desire I could not tell. It outstretched its arms as best it could, and I could hear the voice of the spider monster in my head. 

"Embrace me, Billy", It cooed. The voice was heaven, like a nostalgic mix of all my old flames. It beckoned me closer, luring me in with a thousand promises and wants. I hesitated, and it sensed it. I could hear horrid giggling in my mind as it began to crush the phone in its hand. As the light disappeared, and the spider's form faded into the shadows; I heard that godawful chittering noise. The voice in my head spoke once more. 

"Run then little rabbit." Finally, I screamed as the thing hissed and lunged at me. I could feel its fuzzy limbs trying to dig into me, as the giggling in my mind turned ever sinister. I pushed it off me with great force and got up as quickly as I could. I was lost in the dark, the skittering of spiders all around me. They were gnashing their fangs, scuttling about and weaving their traps for me. I ran, I slammed into walls and every time I felt safe, I felt the spidress' touch on my back. I felt her breath on my neck, it stank of meat and pheromones.

I pushed it back as best I could, forcing myself deeper and deeper into the everlasting tunnels. I could hear whispers in the dark, telling me such awful things. They wanted me to join them, to join her. I muttered "no" over and over again, but they just wouldn't stop. The air was hot, it was blasting me in the face as I ran. I was cutting myself on the fiberglass, the taste of iron clung to my lungs. My heart was boxing my insides, I was surrounded on all sides by the thing. I could hear it inside; I clawed at my ears to get it to stop

*Crrkt-crrkt-tap-tap-taptaptaptap*

*CRRKTCRRKTCRRKT* 

SHUT UP

I screamed at the top of my lungs. I pushed forward and my eyes stung at the sight of sudden light. I collapsed to the ground in a heap and heard gasps of shock and confusion. I was crumpled on the ground, coughing up drywall and screaming, my voice raspy and full of dust and sick. My parents helped me up, concerned at first but then horrified at the state of me. My father was on the phone with someone, saying to send an ambulance and that I had just fell out of the wall.

I was dazed and confused, they had just left, what where they doing back so fast?

Why did I feel so weak and hungry?

My eyes struggled to adjust to the light, and my mom held me and wept. 

Apparently, I had been trapped inside the walls for seven days. After three days of calling me with no response, my parents got on the first flight back and found no trace of me. They were calling the police in a panic when I had burst through the wall half crazed. I tried to explain what had happened, what I had seen back there in the walls but the silent, judgmental looks my parents told me all I needed to know.

There was a long talk, and it was "decided" I needed to take some time for myself and get some help. That was three weeks ago now, my parents have only visited me twice. They could barely meet my eyes.

The doctors say I'm making progress, and soon I'll be ready go home. Maybe they're right, maybe it was all in my head. I sleep in a padded room at night, the only light creeping in from the moon and slightly under my door. I see shadows under it sometimes. Orderlies probably.

Sometimes the shadows linger, and I hear that sound once more. It's all in my head, I'm sure of it. It still calls to me in my dreams. I haven't told the doctors. Sometimes I hear it in the walls, that familiar chitter.

Last night the weaver loomed above me, stuffed in the upper corners. I told her she was a figment of my diseased imagination, and she dared me to sleep with the lights off then. A ridiculous wager, but one I fully intend to take her up on. Afterall the doctors won't let me go unless I prove I'm sane.

Should it turn out the weaver is real, and she finally comes to claim me into her web?

 Well then, I guess I wasn't crazy.
Title: My Friends Had a Biological Dog

We all have those friends who are a bit weird, but who you’re still friends with. For me, Monica and Rand were those friends.

I’d initially met the couple through my ex-girlfriend Kyla, who’d introduced me to them at a party. They all went way back and we used to hang out a lot together as a group. When Kyla and I broke up and she moved away, I just kept socialising with them. They were fun people and always had a way of keeping things light that I enjoyed—even with their quirks.

They were the kind of couple who treated their pets—of which they had several—like children. I loved animals myself, so this wouldn’t have been an issue for me. But they were on another level. They owned a deluxe stroller for walking their rabbit, dressed up their cat in expensive outfits and cooked gourmet meals for their tortoise. But it never seemed enough for them. 

When people asked if they planned on having kids, they’d always winkingly reply that they were trying to conceive—a puppy.

As someone else who didn’t want children, I’d always laugh along with them and their silly, tension-diffusing joke. Still, in spite of the ridiculousness of it, it slightly unnerved me. Knowing those two, part of me believed they really would give birth to a dog if nature worked that way.

The day eventually came when Monica and Rand finally announced that they’d welcomed a new furbaby into their family. They called me up eagerly to invite me over and meet him, and I happily accepted. They did have an eye for getting cute pets.

Arriving at their place with a chew toy gift, I was surprised at how tight-lipped the couple were about their new dog. Typically after acquiring a new pet, they would gush endlessly about the story of why they chose them, what breed they were and so on. But this time, they just beamed and led me upstairs to one of their guest bedrooms. 

To my confusion, I saw that the normally empty room had been converted into what looked like a nursery. There were dog-themed toys and decorations set up around the room, but it looked more like something for a dog-loving infant than a dog.

Monica warmly gestured to the side of the room and I saw something I had expected to see even less: a crib.

“Meet our *biological* dog, Pete”.

I resisted the urge to cringe at my friends’ usual joke. Peering over the rails of the crib, I saw napping on the plush linen was…a puppy. A dog, just like they said it had been.

And at the same time, it was nothing like any dog I’d ever seen before.

The beagle pup had short fur, four paws, a tail—all the things a dog would have. But there was just something so…off about it. Its face looked uncannily like that of a human. Its arms and legs curled up the way a baby would. Its brown and black-toned fur felt familiar in a human way.

And as it stirred, blinking up at me tiredly, I saw its eyes. Bright blue eyes.

“Well, isn’t he precious?” asked Rand excitedly.

I shook myself out of my unease and remembered why they’d invited me here.

“Uh, oh yeah, he’s the cutest thing, haha” I said in the most adoring voice I could muster. “Where, uh, did you get this little guy anyway?”

Monica glanced over at Rand, held her hand up to her mouth and whispered. 

“Okay, don’t tell anybody this but…”

My eyes widened, half-expecting some twisted birthing story.

“...we got him from a *breeder*”. 

They both laughed, before quieting themselves for their sleeping puppy.

“Guilty as charged, I know,” said Rand. “We normally adopt rescues with our pets, but we just *had* to have this fellow. As I’m sure you can see, he’s the *perfect* dog for both of us.”

I awkwardly agreed, left the chew toy with them and departed. Monica and Rand had always been eccentric and over-the-top with their pets, I’d known that. But building an entire nursery for a puppy? They were the type to consider their pets their children, sure, but this was a bit much, even for them.

And then there was the appearance of Pete the puppy. Maybe it was the human name, or the crib bed, or the “biological dog” joke influencing my perception. But something about the way it looked did not feel right to me. Was this breeder story real, or had they gone out of their way to pick the freakiest looking dog from the pound to go along with their “biological dog” schtick? Those weirdos would.

Then again, I reasoned, Monica and Rand had been good friends to me over the years. When Kyla and I split, those two were the biggest cheerleaders of us getting back together. They played matchmaker for a while, trying to spark a common thread between the two of us that would unite us as a couple again, despite our differences. Maybe they just wanted to double date again. But I appreciated the effort.

A puppy that hadn’t grown into its look yet and a dog nursery was no reason to abandon a years-long friendship.

So, over the next few months, I saw more and more of strange Pete.

At parties and gatherings at Monica and Rand’s house, other friends of the pair expressed similar sentiments to me. I was apparently not the only one to notice the uncanny features of their newest pet. And, as they always did, Monica and Rand would just laugh and continue the joke.

“Little Pete has both our eyes!”

“He gets his nose from his dad and lips from his mom!” 

“Our hair colour genes are so strong, he got both!”

These little comments from the pair could have been funny if they weren’t so eerily true. Pete’s eyes really did look like a combination of the blue eyes Monica and Rand had—blue eyes were considerably rare for beagles. Pete’s crooked nose and thin lips really did resemble his respective parents’. And Pete’s light brown and black fur really was a one-to-one match for brunette Monica’s and raven-haired Rand’s.

Most people brushed off the strange coincidences of these features, thinking it a funny novelty. But, as the puppy grew into a dog, it became more and more apparent that these oddities didn’t end with the dog’s appearance. 

I would catch sight of these occurrences more and more. Pete ambling around the way a toddler would, leaning back as if to try walking on two legs. Or him mouthing words whenever people spoke around him, like a child trying to learn to talk. But worst of all was the way he would stare at you. A stare not of happy canine curiosity, but of sad human pleading. That, and his barks that sounded like screams.

Being around the pair and their surreal pet became harder and harder for me. They indulged openly in the gag that he was their child, chuckling about what school he was going to go to or what sports he should compete in. It was sickening. Meanwhile, Pete did not get along well with any of the other animals in their household. I couldn’t stand to be around him, yet, he would always seek me out.

The last straw came the day when human-looking Pete shuffled over with his human gait, fixed me with his human stare, and dropped a scrap of paper in my lap.

“Oh, that’s so adorable, it seems that George is Pete’s favourite uncle” laughed Monica, sipping her wine.

“You know, George, maybe this is a sign that you should have one of your own” guffawed Rand, swigging his own glass.

I fake laughed as always and quickly hid the scrap of paper in my pocket. Fortunately, it didn’t look like anyone had seen me. Whatever this paper was, I instinctively wanted to read it away from the couple’s intervention.

When I finally stepped away from the group, I pulled out the scrap of paper from Pete and saw that it was the crumpled remnant of a business card.

*“The Kin Kennel*

*For the next piece of your animal family, with a piece of you.”*

It was from the breeder that Monica and Rand had used for Pete, I was sure of it. So the story they told me about going to a breeder had been correct after all, it would seem. But why had they been so private about the place? And why had Pete—a literal dog—seemingly wanted me to know about it?

I couldn’t bury my feelings about their pet any longer. I had to investigate it, if not more for my sake, then for that poor dog’s.

That evening, after leaving their house, I made my way to the address on that business card. It was a residential one in a nice suburb, which wasn’t too surprising for an animal breeder. Spying the doorbell, I noted that there were a few ways I could go about entering. However, I decided on the most reckless one. I didn’t want to just be sent away. I wanted answers.

So, instead, I crept around the back, pried open the cellar door with a spade from next to the shed, and descended inside.

When I flicked on the light, I had expected to find myself in a puppy mill of some kind. But what surrounded me instead was a laboratory. Sleek, shiny and sterile, like the inside of a veterinarian’s office, but with more scientific equipment strewn about. Behind me were shelved cabinets with various marked samples in them. I had no idea where to start looking for information. Thankfully, a source came along at that very moment.

“Who the hell are you and what are you doing in here!” shouted a man in a smoking jacket from the top of the stairs.

“I should ask you the same questions!” I retorted, immediately reaching for my phone. Before he could threaten to call the cops, I began snapping pictures left and right.

“Either you start talking about what it is you do to these animals or these go straight to the cops!”. For emphasis, I raised my phone at the bespectacled man. He paused for a moment, considering his options, and then smiled.

“Very well then, intruder” he said, clearing his throat. “My name is Dr Welsh. I was formerly an esteemed human embryologist and ardent animal lover. Then they fired me, so I decided to marry my two passions in life. I take it you’ve seen the results of my work?”

I looked around the room, trying to hold off the horrified comprehension that was dawning.

“My friends…Monica and Rand…their dog…it’s not a normal dog, is it?”

“It’s what the *new* normal for a dog should be,” he boasted. “Those two were great clients. They understood the truth—that animals are the perfect children. I hated helping parents have human children. Children are rude, loud, ungrateful. But I loved helping friends adopt animals. Animals are gentle, soft, loyal.”

Resentment began to invade his voice.

“There was only one problem to fix. Parents of children get to see themselves in their offspring. Parents of pets don’t. It’s an injustice that I now solve. I inject human DNA from both ‘dog parents’ into the embryos of their future pets. Then, when the litter is born, I present them a puppy with a little piece of each of them.”

That left only one grim question for me to ask.

“...where are these litters?”

Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw when Dr Welsh led me outside and opened the shed door. 

At once I understood that Pete, as disturbing as he looked, had been the most presentable spawn of his siblings. A sea of twisted, aberrant faces and bodies of puppies spanned across the dim shed. Creatures halfway between human and dog, with jumbled mashes of features like skin and fur, hands and claws, bottoms and tails. Uttering childlike, animalistic screams, begging confusedly for death. 

I granted it to them.

While Dr Welsh feebly tried to stop me, the aged man was unsuccessful. I set the shed alight with a match that night, ending every one of the demented hybrids’ suffering. Most importantly, however, I left the house laboratory intact—for when the authorities arrived.

Monica and Rand were arrested for their use of the illegal experimental breeder not long after. Good riddance. Mercifully, after being seized by the police, their “biological dog” was euthanized too. Pete’s desperate blue eyes would haunt me no more.

Word spread amongst most of our friends about what had happened. It was all very hush hush though, as people didn’t want to acknowledge turning a blind eye to the clearly humanised dog for so long. 

The best outcome of this furore, however, was Kyla reaching out to me a few weeks later. She had no idea why our friends had been arrested, and it was on me to break the news to her. Over coffee, my old flame and I started reconnecting like no time had passed. When I mentioned Monica and Rand’s name, she chirped up first.

“Apparently, they went to prison, can you believe it?!” she exclaimed. “And to think it happened right after they showed up and dumped this weird puppy on me.” 

My blood ran cold. The teaspoons on the table suddenly reminded me of those I’d used at the couple’s house, covered in my DNA.

I watched, horrified, as Kyla reached into her handbag and pulled out a little cocker spaniel puppy—a gift from our dog-altering, matchmaking friends.

“George, you’re not gonna believe how much this little gal looks like both of us…”
Title: I don't have a dog PART 2

[I don't have a dog : r/nosleep](

When I got over the initial shock of my discovery I helped myself to a can of beer from the small store’s fridge. I downed the whole thing and felt my heart stop trying to beat its way out of my body. With as much composure as I could manage I considered my situation. There was something in my apartment, a monster and it had convinced me that it was a dog that I did not have. Not just that, my interactions with other residents of our little isolated tower block implied that more of these dopplegangers had already ingratiated themselves in the community. While considering my options my manager, Mr. Lin, returned from his lunch break. The sour little man was grinning and was holding hands with a tall and beautiful dark haired woman. A flicker of uncertainty about her identity was quickly squashed by an overwhelming sense of familiarity. 

“Hi Mrs. Lin.” I said. The sight of the woman flooded me with warm memories of her preparing me authentic Chinese food during my weekly visits to the Lin's apartment. She nodded at me and smiled kindly before picking up a basket and making her way around the store floor. Mr. Lin accompanied her and helped fill the basket before they finished up and made their way to the till where I stood. It was a strange assortment of household goods. Three bottles of bleach, a lot of baking powder and bars of soap. Mr. Lin paid for the items and then Mrs. Lin departed after giving him a kiss on the cheek. I watched the woman leave and get into the elevator. The moment she was out of direct eyeline the strange veil dropped from my mind. That had not been a human being.

Mr. Lin’s uncharacteristic good mood proved essential as when I complained of fake stomach issues he sent me home without further inquiry and even wished me well. That act alone confirmed to me that there was something deeply wrong going on here. Instead of hitting the button for my own floor I pressed the one for floor 3. This was the busiest level as it contained the Doctor’s Office, Gymnasium, Post Office and most importantly the Police Office. I passed a handful of people who I recognized. Our entire community was contained within the one building after all. How many of those familiar faces were just masks? 

I entered the Police Office to find Larry lounging with his booted feet propped up on his desk chuckling to himself at the small TV screen mounted on the wall opposite. Invasion of the Body Snatchers was playing. Larry did not bother comporting himself more professionally for my sake.

“How dumb do you need to be to think your friend ain’t an alien?” Larry said, taking a loud sip from his coffee mug.

“The normal level I expect.” I replied.

The staff toilet door clicked open and out stepped Amy. She was short and stocky but took no nonsense from anyone in the tower block. There was a sensitivity to her that shone in tough situations too like the blizzard last year. Amy nodded and smiled a greeting at me.

“What can we do for young man?” Larry asked but not taking his attention from the screen. He did look at me after I explained the situation. “You been drinking?”

“No. Well just one to calm my nerves.” I replied.

Larry’s face was hard to read thanks to his bushy beard and thick eyebrows. His face scrunched up as though he was trying to force his brain to do hard mathematics.

“Yeah you ain’t got no damn dog. Let’s go check it out.” 

I sighed with relief as Larry got to his feet and double-checked his sidearm.

Amy whistled the X files theme song as we ascended in the elevator until Larry told her to knock it off. I found it funny and the presence of two officers of the law who were armed made me feel much more relaxed. Everything was going to be fine. I unlocked my apartment door and let the officers head in first while I waited outside. Old lady Innes passed by on her wheelchair and grumbled something but did not talk to me. From inside my apartment I could hear the TV playing but no other noises. Five minutes passed before I called out and did not get a reply. My animal instinct told me to run as far away as possible but the human in me wanted some answers. I stuck my head into the flat and wished to God I would obey the animal side of me going forward. Illuminated by the ever changing colour and intensity of the TV from the open living room stood the scene in my hallway. Larry was in the middle standing as if frozen in place with his mouth open and his eyes rolled all the way back. To his left, standing upright, was a big white goldendoodle with its maw extended far too wide and a pink tendril protruding. That alien tendril went from the thing’s mouth into Larry’s ear. To the poor man’s right stood Amy with her own mouth open too wide and a pink tendril of her own piercing her colleague’s other ear. A quiet whimper escaped me but the things seemed far too occupied on whatever the fuck they were doing to Larry to notice me. I backed away and walked slowly to the elevator before hitting the button a hundred times to escape my floor.

I went back to store and assured Mr. Lin I felt much better. I have no idea what to do next. Pretend I’m none the wiser? Those things are everywhere and if I look at them they will just make me think we are best buddies before luring me off to drain my brain juice of whatever the fuck they did to Larry. What the hell should I do?
Title: Down Where the Fishes Glow - Part 4

[Part 1](

[Part 2](

The water enveloped my body again as I felt it rush up against me and splash my face. It reminded me of a bath that had been left too long; an unsettling mix of warm and cool that left the body unsure of what to think. It was too hot to be refreshing and too cold to be soothing.

I thrashed to the surface, huffing and wheezing in surprise. The wild colours and shapes were replaced by a disconcerting darkness as suddenly as my footing had disappeared. I was blinking frantically, trying to figure out where I was. After some time, and as I came to the realisation that I was not in any danger, my panic subsided and my vision adjusted to the world around me.

I was out of the frying pan and into the freezer. After blinding me with light, it had suddenly vanished, and I was plunged into darkness. That was all except for a large source of light above me, suspended in the darkness and casting a dim funnel of light into the large cavern below. It appeared to be oddly circular, in a way that reminded me of the mouth of the cave where I had begun this journey. I let my eyes fall downwards, following the falling pillar of light until it met some resistance – a soft and shimmering ripple on the surface of the water ahead of me. The rest of the cavern was in darkness. Even looking for the edge of the water nearest to me proved to be a challenge.

Although I had lost most of my equipment already, my headlight was still with me. I clicked it on, but no light came out from it. Damning my luck and thinking it to be broken, I took it off to inspect. To my surprise, the face of the torch was indeed lit up, but there was no light coming off it at all. It was as though the air around the torch was swallowing it all. It was now no more than a bright paperweight.

I still felt somewhat in a daze. It was not the oozing drunkenness from before but rather a numb serenity. I suppose I should have been panicking with all that had taken place, but, oddly enough, I found it more comforting than anything else to be off my feet again. My body had felt heavy on the land, with each step sending me further into an exhausted haze. As soon as I started floating, though, it was like the pain and discomfort slipped away. I pushed myself off the wall of the underground lake and started to swim in a kind of mock breaststroke. With no fins to help me, the only thing I could do was take things slow.

I felt a very soft current tug at me, trying in vain to pull me to the right. Although I doubted it could carry me, I was very weak at this point, and so I made a mental note to watch out for any drift. I would have to make a dash back for the edge in that case.

As I made my way towards the light in the centre, I became more fixated on it. The world around mattered less and less as my vision sharpened and narrowed in on my destination. The closer I got, though, the less it seemed like I was moving. As much as I kicked and thrashed in the water, the less I moved. I felt stuck, frozen, yet with an odd sense of calm. This was exactly where I was meant to be. I was on the right track.

Suddenly it was upon me. In not so much as the blink of an eye, the barrier between dark and light was looming directly in front of my face. It gave off a kind of heat that was immediately noticeable. It had a kind of pulling effect – a strange attraction that made me want to bask in this light. Giving in to this strange desire, I pushed forward and into the light.

Immediately my vision changed. I was hit by a steering light, brighter than looking straight into the sun, and snapped my eyes shut. The pain was immediate and intense, even through closed lids. From behind my closed eyes, I could make out too many colours to count, all moving and twisting of their own accord. I pressed my hand over my face to block the light, but it was no use. My hand may as well have been made of glass. The colours continued to dance as they had before.

I didn’t have time to think of what to do next, as I felt an icy grip take my ankle and pull me sharply downwards. In a split second, I was wrapped in a powerful current and was being swept away quickly to one side. A massive force threw me like debris in a tornado. I was caught in an undertow, an underwater current of immense power. As frightened as I was, I couldn’t help but appreciate the true power of this force of nature.

It was difficult to move my muscles, as the power of the current was practically pinning me in place. I tried my hardest to thrash in any direction, reaching out to grab anything to save me. Unexpectedly I managed to grab on to a jutting-out piece of rock. From its feeling and the angle of my own body, I knew it to be the mouth of yet another tunnel. I was being pulled straight into it.

I remember the water rushing furiously into my face, pulling my mouth into a grotesque smile and peeling my eyelids back into my skull. Through the dark waters, all I could make out was the funnel of light, located far away from where I now was, quickly growing larger and larger. It was moving right towards me.

Again I felt the light upon me, and my world shifted before my eyes. Innumerable shapes and colours rushed past me, themselves not immune to the pull of the current. Strangely though, I could make out figures that were more solid and corporeal. Although I could not make out any defining features through the mess of light and colour, they appeared humanoid in shape. They were in front of me, next to me, and all around me. They observed me calmly, not out of hatred but more of an idle curiosity.

Everything was alive. The waters were teeming with activity. It shifted and coiled endlessly. It sparkled with electrical and spiritual essence. I could see the molecules of H₂O; they were as bright as diamonds, conducting energy between themselves. It was alive, all of it. And I was floating in it. It was enlightening and terrifying in unqualifiable measures, both brilliant and dull, malevolent and benevolent.

The source of the light of the funnel pierced through all of this, however, which was more blinding to look into than the sun itself.

“Look,” said a voice, and I listened. I held my gaze despite the onslaught of activity; as I did, I felt my retina begin to sear and wither. I wanted to look away – my eyes screamed at me to do so – but I could not. But as much as I wanted to, something else inside wanted more and more. My vision began to crumble before me, and I came to a stark realisation, the weight of which I still feel to this day – it was looking directly at me.

No sooner had I felt this than a mighty tug pulled me from the ledge like I was a mere child. I went tumbling back into darkness, one that I feared would be permanent.

Nothing could have prepared me for waking up in darkness. For a time I even thought I was in my bed, back at home, warm and tucked away. This was not the case, though.

I was blind; this much I knew. My eyes were husks, dry and burnt. Moving them was agony, so I kept them shut tight – not that having them open would have helped. It seemed like the logical thing to do – not to struggle. Just to accept my new state of being, sightless but not afraid.

I could feel cool ripples of the water brush past my skin. It was no longer a furious torrent. I could move my fingers and toes and could feel it move between them. There was a serenity to it. Something like an evening breeze but many times more soothing.

I came to a slow realisation that my mask was not fixed to my face. I wasn’t able to breathe, and yet it hardly troubled me. I had no need or desire to, in any case. All I wanted was to be cradled forever in the cave’s palm.

I was lying against something soft. It wasn’t the terribly smooth and hard stone that had accompanied me through this journey, but something else entirely. I laid a hand upon it and slowly brushed from side to side. It was soft to the touch but firm as anything. It held me, and I felt a kind of protection that was entirely new. It was there, and it was with me, and, in a strange way, we felt like one and the same.

I cannot say how long I was there. It could have been minutes or hours. It would not have surprised me if I had been there for years and decades, or even longer still. I could have been there since the beginning, since the mountains moved and the earth formed itself around me. It didn’t matter. It was the first time I felt true peace with everything.

Finally, I felt a shift. I got the sense that it was time. Time for what, I did not yet know. But I was not surprised when I felt the same icy grip gently wrap my body and lift me from my resting place. I could feel them around me again, though something had changed about them. There was a purpose to them, and for some reason they wanted me.

They whisked me away, somewhere down beyond. I thought about all the things that had seemed so important while I was coming here: my equipment, the depths I would go and the things I would see. They all seemed so meaningless in that moment. I had been just a fool in the search for greatness.

I could hear them chattering, although it was in a tongue totally alien to me. This language of theirs did not use words or sounds; it was entirely of the mind. And I could hear them but not understand. I was tapped in to some degree, but comprehension was still out of reach. It was frustrating, and all I wanted then and there was to join them; to belong.

It wasn’t long before they stopped, still holding me in place like some kind of injured bird with my head hung limp. I heard something stir. It was distant at first, like a low hum from the centre of the Earth. It quickly grew in volume and intensity until it was shaking my body like a plaything. The others released me as slowly and gently as they had picked me up in the first place. I did not move. The current swam around me, but I stayed in place. The hum was holding me there, locked and poised for whatever was to come next. My head started to rise through no will of my own, and I could feel an imposing presence towering over me.

It was looking down at me, regarding me as the frail thing that I am. This thing – this force – was something immense. It was powerful beyond reason, and I could feel its very essence pouring out in all directions. Even those that had carried me had now left. I was now in communion with what I can describe as nothing less than a god.

Without my sight, my other senses were in high gear, and each of them was overflowing with awareness of the entity. It was in the water coursing around me, in my ears, and down my throat. I could taste it on my tongue – an entrancing mixture that shifted continuously between bitter and sweet. It roared with passive vibrations that sent shivers deep into the dimension around it. It was everywhere. It was everything.

The longer I listened, the less I heard a roar and the more I began to understand its magnificent song. When we did speak, it was, as with the others, the simple sharing of ideas in a language purely of the mind. In truth, the dialogue was entirely one-way; I could only listen. It was short-lived, and much of the true essence of what it said was wasted on myself. The only real things I could glean from it were feelings of both bemusement and amusement.

We stayed there for a time, locked in an otherworldly embrace. I was so afraid. I didn’t know if it would kill me or something worse. The only thing I could do was wait for it to render its judgement on me. It roared once more – my teeth clenched and my bones rattled. The vibrations alone threatened to knock me out.

The chattering of the others picked up. Whereas before they were only the vaguest whisper in my ear, now they were singing in chorus with the great one. The bassy harmony kept growing, and the pitch kept rising. What started out as a deep rumble gradually changed to a piercing wail. Eventually, the pitch went so high that it became inaudible to my inadequate human ears, though I knew the song continued.

I started to lose sense of myself. It started as a feeling of numbness in the tips of my fingers and the ends of my toes. There was no pain, just the oddest sensation of not being there anymore. I instinctively brought my hands together to feel each other. I tried rubbing my now seemingly dead fingers against my palms only to find nothing but stumps. I was flaking away, just as it told me I would. I didn’t understand back then, but now I know. I was going to be nothing soon, and that was best. Serenity; I felt it again.

In that moment, I was certain I was at the end. Whatever was happening to me, I was powerless to resist, and so I just accepted it. To nothing I had come, and to nothingness I was returning. The numbness kept spreading, and before long I could not be certain if any part of me remained. As far as I was aware, I was just a jumble of thoughts existing at the end of time, no body to cry, no mind to think.

They say that, before meeting death, one’s life flashes before their eyes. This was not the case with me, though. Instead of visions of my family, friends, my job and house, or even past lovers, the only thoughts that crossed my mind were of this cave, this being before me, and my complete despair that my eyes could not do me the service of letting me see it for myself.
Title: I'm a food delivery driver, and these are my stories.（part 4）

1. They hunt in packs. They feed on wonder and innocence, especially the moment a child realizes that magic is real and dangerous. If three trucks surround a target simultaneously, the target is devoured and becomes part of the convoy. Known weaknesses: salt circles, iron filings, or simultaneously destroying all three trucks.

"We need to destroy all three trucks at once!" I shouted.

"How?!"

Good question. The third truck was now circling us, looking for an opportunity. Two of Levi's tentacles were wrapped around the second truck, and four more were writhing defensively in the air, his werewolf-hybrid body balanced on his reversed legs. He looked like something out of a nightmare.

Think, Eric. Think like a delivery man. Think like someone who survived two and a half years of impossible delivery missions. What do I have? What resources do I have?

My phone. My company phone.

I pulled out my phone and dialed the company number.

"Eric," the operator's voice was calm, even slightly amused. "Let me guess. Ice cream emergency?"

"Three trucks! They're hunting! Levi's mutated, he's grown tentacles, it's horrible, and—"

"Tentacles are a sign of evolution. That's good for him. Are the tentacles pink or black?"

"Black! What does that matter?!"

"Black means he's tapping into his deeper biological abilities. If they were pink, it would mean he was hallucinating. This is good." I heard the rustling of paper. “Those trucks. Are they in formation yet?”

“Almost,About thirty seconds!”

“Do you have anything made of iron on you? If not, there’s an iron plate embedded in the cover of the pamphlet. When the trucks are in formation, throw it at the middle truck. The iron will disrupt their formation. Then Levi can take them out one by one.”

“The pamphlet?! I need that pamphlet!”

“Eric. Trust me. Throw the pamphlet. It will come back. It always comes back.”

The third truck was moving into position, forming a triangle with Levi and me at the center. The gazebo I’d noticed earlier was now behind us, and I realized it wasn’t a gazebo, it was a throat. The whole thing was a giant mouth, the teeth disguised as decorative trim, waiting to swallow us when the trucks pushed us back.

“Levi， Hold on for five more seconds!”

His tentacles were now wrapped around two of the trucks, gripping them with sheer force. His wolf-like face was contorted with effort, saliva dripping from his fangs.

The trucks were in formation. A perfect triangle. A clanging sound synchronized into a single note, not a sound, but a pressure, reality warping around us, the air thick with the smell of carnival popcorn and blood.

I threw the pamphlet.

It spun through the air, pages fluttering, and struck the center of the gazebo-like mouth. A blue flash, a smell of ozone, and they shattered into pieces, evaporating before they hit the ground.

The formation was broken. The trucks screamed in unison.

“Now, Levi!” He didn’t need to be told twice. Six tentacles grabbed the first truck, lifting it off the ground, then slamming it into the second. The impact was tremendous. Both vehicles twisted and deformed, the ice cream truck shells peeling away to reveal writhing flesh and metal wreckage beneath.

The third truck tried to escape, but Levi’s remaining two tentacles shot out, impossibly long, and wrapped around its axles. He yanked it back, pulling it into the pile of wreckage from the other two trucks.

Then he squeezed.

All eight tentacles contracted simultaneously. The metal shrieked. Flesh and blood burst. The three trucks were compressed into a twisted ball of matter, getting smaller and smaller until—

Bang.

They vanished. Completely gone. Leaving only scorched marks on the grass and the lingering smell of burnt sugar.

Levi collapsed to the ground, his body rippling, his tentacles retracting into his back, his legs transforming back into human form, and his face returning to that of an eleven-year-old boy. He lay on the grass, panting and covered in sweat.

I ran to his side. "Are you okay? Are you hurt?"

"That was..." he gasped, "...the coolest thing... I've everdone that."

I couldn't help but laugh. Hysterical, relieved laughter that made my ribs ache. Biscuit licked both our faces, his tail wagging furiously, celebrating our survival.

The pamphlet appeared in my hand. It simply materialized out of thin air, warm and intact, as if it had never left.

The people in the park started moving again, as if someone had pressed the play button on a paused video. But none of them seemed to remember the trucks or the fight. They simply went back to their picnics and frisbee games, reality automatically correcting itself to maintain normalcy.

"Can we still get ice cream?" Levi asked weakly.

"Of course," I said. "Of course, we can get ice cream." We walked to a grape-flavored ice cream shop, Levi holding my hand with one hand and stroking Biscuit with the other. He was completely back in human form, but I noticed that his shadow had several extra tentacles, while his body didn't. The tentacles were still there, just invisible, lurking beneath the surface.

The shop owner served us himself, an elderly Italian man who glanced at us and said, "Ah. Another ice cream truck? They show up every few years. Always causing trouble." He scooped us two generous portions. “It’s free. You did a great job chasing them away. The children will thank you, even if they don’t know it themselves.”

“How do you know?” I asked.

He tapped his temple with his finger. “I can see things. I’ve been able to see things for many years. That’s why my ice cream is safe. I know what the other ice cream trucks are. I make sure my ice cream is just ice cream.” He smiled.

We sat outside, eating ice cream in the afternoon sun. Levi ordered chocolate chip again. I got vanilla, because I’m boring like that. Biscuit also got a small cup of dog-friendly vanilla ice cream, because Giuseppe had specially prepared some for good dogs who save the world.

“Eric?” Levi said, his mouth full of ice cream.

“Hmm?”

“Thank you for not being scared. About those tentacles. Some people would definitely be scared.”

“Levi, I once delivered food to a thirteenth floor that didn't even exist. I rode a horse to a castle with a well in it, and the well contained something ancient. I watched you eat pizza for the first time, and you even forgot to use your hands.” I took a bite of my ice cream. “So, in my opinion, tentacles are cool.”

He grinned. “Really?”

“Really. But maybe practice a few more times. Before you use them again. So you don't accidentally grab a real ice cream truck.”

“That would be bad.”

“That would be very bad.” We finished our ice cream, walked home in the sunset, and then ordered pizza. That night, Levi fell asleep on the couch halfway through a movie, and when Marcus came to pick him up, I carried him back to the car he was getting heavier and heavier; one of my colleagues explained that shapeshifters gain weight rapidly as they mature. In another year or two, I wouldn't be able to carry him anymore.

—

Bipolar disorder is a liar. My therapist, or maybe just myself, always says that. It deceives you when you're manic, telling you that you don't need sleep, you don't need medication, you don't need help, because you've finally seen everything clearly, finally unlocked your true potential. It also deceives you when you're depressed, telling you that everything is meaningless, nothing will ever get better, and the weight on your chest will never disappear.

Tonight, it was deceiving me in the first way. The clarity brought on by mania, but it wasn't true clarity, but rather an electric tingling sensation coursing through my veins, making me unable to sit still, making my thoughts race faster than I could process them, making me feel like the walls of the apartment were closing in on me.

I had already taken my medication. But it hadn't kicked in yet. Maybe another hour, or two. So I paced back and forth. I brewed coffee, but I didn't drink any of it.

The company phone rang.

I should ignore it, I should let it go to voicemail, or in this dimension of normal time and space... Any company that delivers physical goods would have a voicemail-like function. But the manic part of my brain saw an opportunity: movement, activity, a goal. Delivering could burn off this energy. Delivering could focus my attention on something else, instead of those chaotic thoughts.

I grabbed the phone.

Delivery address: 447 Ashwood Street, Apartment 12. Simple. Straightforward. The address was in an ordinary neighborhood, the kind of place I'd delivered to a hundred times.

The entry in the booklet was longer than usual, but I was so giddy with excitement that I barely read it carefully:

447 Ashwood Street is a special building. Reality is fragile there. Apartment 12 has three doors, sometimes a fourth appears out of nowhere, each marked with a cross. Only one is real. The others lead elsewhere. Choose correctly.

I should have read it more carefully. I should have looked at the extra warnings, the supplementary notes, and the previous delivery driver's comments. But I was in a manic state, acting impulsively, my brain a jumble of caffeine and neurochemicals, the words blurring before my eyes.

I drove to the address. The building was old, a Victorian-era structure converted into apartments, paint peeling, the porch crumbling. The kind of place where the rent is cheap because the landlord can't be bothered to maintain it properly. Normal. Ordinary. Safe. 

The delivery was chicken curry and garlic naan. It smelled delicious, and my stomach reminded me that I hadn't eaten dinner yet. When I have these episodes, I often forget to eat until I'm shaking from hunger.

I climbed to the second floor. The corridor was narrow, the wallpaper peeling in strips, and only a flickering light bulb provided barely adequate illumination. Apartment doors lined both sides of the corridor: 8, 9, 10, 11…

Then, there were three doors, all marked "Number 12." They were identical. The same peeling brown paint, the same brass door numbers, the same cheap locks. Each door had a cross painted on it, possibly with white paint, or something else. However, these crosses were slightly different, varying in style and proportion. One looked like a Catholic cross, symmetrical and regular. One looked like an Orthodox cross, with a slanted bar at the bottom. And another was older and cruder, like the kind of cross carved into a tree to ward off evil spirits.

The pamphlet said that only one door was real. The others led elsewhere.

I stared at the three doors, and in my manic state, I was convinced I could deduce the answer through logical reasoning. The Catholic cross was too obvious, so it was probably wrong. The Orthodox cross was the most complex, so maybe that was the right one? Or was this reverse psychology, and the simplest, crudest cross was the correct one because… Which one is the real one?

My thoughts raced, a chaotic mess, each conclusion contradicting the last. I couldn't focus. The medication hadn't kicked in yet, and my brain felt like it was short-circuiting.

I needed help.

I should call Marcus.

No, wait. This was just a simple delivery. Calling for backup... that would make me look weak. I've been doing this for two and a half years. I can handle three doors.

But which door to choose?

I stood there, paralyzed by indecision, pretending to be deep in thought, the takeout bag in my hand growing heavier and heavier.

Then I made a mistake.

I knocked on the middle door. The one with the Orthodox cross. Because it felt right in that moment, because my frantic brain was convinced it had solved the puzzle with pure intuitive genius.

The door opened.

Not inward, like a normal door. But outward, and fast, slamming into me and knocking me back a few steps. I stumbled, leaning against the opposite wall, and looked up.

The thing standing in the doorway wasn't human. It had a human shape, a woman in a tattered Victorian dress, hair hanging over her face—but the proportions were wrong. Too tall. Arms too long. Too many joints in her fingers.

"You're not my dinner," she said, her voice like wind whistling through a broken windowpane. "You're the delivery boy. You chose wrong."

"I—" I took a few steps back. "I'm sorry. Wrong apartment. I'll just—"

"It's too late for that now." She stepped into the hallway, and where her feet touched the floor, the wood instantly rotted. "You knocked on the door. You opened the door. You attracted our attention. There will be consequences."

The other two doors opened.

From the left door emerged a man who looked like a priest, but his cross was upside down, and his eyes were empty sockets, oozing black oil.

From the right door emerged a child, about six years old, but children don't smile like that. And children don't have teeth that sharp.

"Three doors," the woman said. "The three of us." We waited so long, and finally someone knocked on the door. We were so hungry.”

This was bad. This was really bad. The earlier manic confidence vanished without a trace, replaced by the cold, clear-headedness of genuine fear.

I pulled out my phone and dialed Marcus's private number.  Since the operator was probably off duty, he answered after only one ring.

“Eric. It’s two in the morning. You’d better have a good explanation—”

“I chose wrong,” I said, backing away down the corridor as the three things advanced towards me. “The door. I chose the wrong door. I need help.”

A moment of silence. Then: “You didn’t finish reading the text, did you?”

“I, uh, no. I was too impulsive. I thought I could—”

“Where exactly are you?”

“Second floor. The corridor. There are three things coming towards me. They look very hungry.”

“Stall them. Don’t let them touch you. Don’t accept anything they offer. I’ll be there in five minutes. If you die before then, I can’t help you.”

The woman tilted her head. “Is that your manager? How responsible. But he won’t make it in time. When we want to be fast, we’re very fast.”

I needed to buy time. I needed to keep them interested, but not let them become aggressive. My hand went into my pocket, finding the pamphlet, my fingers anxiously flipping through the pages, my eyes fixed on the approaching creatures.

I found the text. I read the rest of it:

If you choose wrong, the fae will appear. They are ancient, existing before the boundaries were solidified. They are always hungry. They will make deals with you, trading your voice for safe passage, your memories for protection, your name for your life. Do not accept anything. This company was founded by the God of Famine himself, to maintain the boundaries. Invoke the founder’s protection, and they must stop.

I straightened up, trying to sound more confident than I felt. “I invoke the protection of the God of Famine. This delivery is under the protection of the Ouroboros. You must let me pass.” The three creatures stopped. The woman hissed, revealing layers of teeth.

“Ouroboros,” she spat. “Always Ouroboros. Always taking the best things for itself.” But she still took a step back.

“He has the right,” the priest-like creature said reluctantly. “The contract has been signed. The boundaries have been drawn. We cannot touch those protected by the serpent god.”

The child pouted. “But we’re so hungry. We haven’t had a proper meal in decades. Can’t we just have a little bit? Just his shadow? He won’t even notice.”

“No,” the woman said, though it sounded regretful. “The rules are clear. The God of Famine keeps his promises, and we must too, even if we’re starving.” Footsteps sounded on the stairs. Marcus appeared.

“Goblins,” Marcus said calmly, his tone as if discussing the weather. “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen your kind. I didn’t expect you to be making your home in a boundary building.”

“Marcus.” The woman’s voice changed, becoming almost respectful. “After all these years, you’re still doing messenger work?”

“Someone has to. Eric, which door is the real one?”

“I… I don’t know. That’s the problem.”

Marcus sighed. “The crude cross. Always the crude cross. The older and simpler the symbol, the more powerful it is. The fancy ones are just distractions.” He walked past the three goblins, who watched him but didn’t move, and Marcus knocked on the fourth door, the one with the simple cross.

An ordinary human voice answered, “Hello? Who is it?”

“Delivery,” Marcus called out. “Chicken curry.”

The door opened, swinging inward like a normal door, revealing a perfectly ordinary room. A young woman in pajamas opened the door. “Oh, thank goodness, I’m starving. Sorry, I thought I heard someone talking? What are my neighbors up to now?”

“Nothing to worry about, ma’am.” Marcus took the takeout bag from my trembling hands and handed it to her. She paid, gave a generous tip, and closed the door.

The elves watched us with a mixture of frustration and a touch of reverence.

Marcus turned to me. "Eric. Let's go."

"Wait," the woman said. "I have a question for this messenger. Do you know who you work for? Do you understand the true meaning of the Ouroboros?"

"I..." I looked at Marcus, then frantically flipped through the booklet. "The booklet says the company was founded by Famine, and it's an Ouroboros. A snake that devours its own tail."

Marcus didn't speak until we were in the car.

"Yes," Marcus said. "That's right. The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, Famine, is real, Eric. It's one of the fundamental forces that make up the universe, given form. It's the hunger that drives all existence. Every sixty years, it must devour itself, must consume its own essence to restart the cycle. That's the meaning of our existence. To ensure the cosmic cycle continues."

"You work for a god?" I whispered.

"Not a god. Something older than gods. Something more fundamental. To them, humans are like goldfish, and the fae are the cats that steal the goldfish." Marcus started the car.

"That's terrifying," was all I could say.

"That's why we have rules. That's why we follow procedures. That's why we feed the creatures that live in the cracks. Someone has to do this job, Eric. Someone has to walk the line, keeping the two sides as separate as possible. But it's not entirely possible, like... in London. The real London is beneath London, and every year a few humans accidentally take the King's Cross train to the real London, instead of Soho."

We drove back to the warehouse in silence. I sat in the passenger seat, the frantic energy finally fading, leaving only exhaustion and shame.

"I'm sorry," I finally said. "I should have finished reading that record. I should have called earlier. I was so hyped up, I thought—"

"You thought you could handle it alone. I know." “Marcus glanced at me. “Eric, I’m going to tell you something I wouldn’t tell most couriers. This job finds people like you because you already have one foot in the borderlands of two worlds, you can perceive things that others can’t. That makes you valuable. But it also makes you vulnerable.”

“So I’m a broken person?”

“You’re just different. There’s a difference.” He drove the car into the warehouse parking lot. “You’re one of the best couriers I’ve ever managed, you just need to know when to ask for help. Because I still need you.”

“I chose the wrong door,” I said softly, and Marcus didn’t reply.

“Can I ask a question? About the Famine?”

“Ask away.”

“If something like God is so powerful, so fundamental… can it be killed?”

“No,” Marcus said simply. “It can’t. God doesn’t live in the way you understand life; God simply exists. It has always existed and will always exist. All we can do is maintain our relationship with it.”

“Have you seen it? The Famine?”

Marcus gave that most standard of smiles. “Oh, yes. Many times. I’ll eventually encounter it again. Every manager does, at least once. It’s part of the final evaluation.”

“Final evaluation of what?”

“Whether you get promoted to management. Or switch to something else.” He got out of the car, telling me to return the car to him tomorrow. “But that’s for later.

“Go home. Get a good night’s sleep. Take a day off tomorrow. No deliveries. Doctor’s orders.”

“You’re not a doctor.”

“I’m seven hundred years old. Close enough.” He paused. “Eric? Have a good holiday.”

I didn’t know that ,six months later, I would meet the Famine myself.
Title: I work as a pizza delivery driver. Some deliveries have red flags for special rules…

I should’ve known the delivery job was a bad gig when the guy hired me without looking past my name on my resume. He squinted at the paper and said, “You’re hired, Dino.” He pronounced it dee-noh.

“It’s actually Dino,” I told him. “Like Dinosaur.”

He glared at me. Rough-looking Italian type who probably kept a baseball bat under the counter and would pull it out if annoyed by mouthy teens. Squinted hard at my shirt, which was wrinkled and said Peak Mediocrity.

He grunted. “Honesty. I like that.”

“Thanks.”

“Are you good at following rules?”

“I am *mediocre* at—"

“There are some rules you HAVE to follow. For safety. Others I can let slide. I don’t give a damn if you smoke weed in the car or show up a few minutes late. But if a rule is written on a red flag on the box, you FOLLOW it.”

I hadn’t even committed to accepting the job yet. Also felt a bit called out at his “weed in the car” and “few minutes late” comments (though I guess the Peak Mediocrity shirt did give a certain vibe). Before I could ask him about wages, or hours, or these red flag rules, he grabbed a pizza off the counter, put it in my hands, and pointed to a set of keys on the wall, telling me to take the delivery car.

The address was only a few blocks away. The red note on the pizza box said: *Close your eyes when you reach the address. Put the pizza inside on the table. DO NOT OPEN YOUR EYES*.

In his hand, the boss was holding a fifty-dollar bill. He held my gaze, the bill held toward me. I looked at him, looked at the red flag, looked at the bill.

I took the bill. “Got it,” I said. “Eyes closed when I arrive. No problemo.”

It turned out to be a big problemo.

The address was so close I didn’t even really need the delivery car, though I took it anyway because he said it was tricky to find but the car’s GPS would help. Even so, I circled the block three times before the house seemed to materialize out of the dark, like I’d just overlooked it before. It wasn’t big—just a small place tucked in the middle of an urban center, like it should’ve been bulldozed and replaced by high-rises ages ago but the owners never sold. I walked up the gravel walkway to the front door and put on a blindfold to help me obey the instructions. Then knocked, keeping my eyes closed beneath the blindfold.

“Hello?” said a little kid’s voice as the door opened.

“Pizza delivery,” I said.

“Oh! Great! Thank you.”

I waited for the child to take the pizza, but it was still in my hand. I frowned. “Um… are you going to—”

“Why are you wearing a blindfold?” asked the kid. Boy or girl, I couldn’t tell. The high-pitched voice sounded about eight-years-old.

“Because I want to,” I said.

“Why?”

“Trade secret. Are you gonna take this pizza or what?”

“Can you put it on the table?”

I was about to ask the kid to just take it when I remembered that putting the pizza on the table was part of the instructions. I considered just opening my eyes and forgetting the rules. But I was being paid fifty bucks to follow them, so I said, “Uh, Ok. Can you tell me which way the table is?”

“It’s straight ahead of you.”

I almost tripped stepping inside over the threshold, but caught myself and moved forward feeling around awkwardly while the kid giggled and said, “Warmer… colder… colder… warmer… hot!” And then, when I ran into a wall, “Just kidding, it’s to your left…. No, other left.”

This fucking kid.

I cannot tell you how badly I wanted to open my eyes. It felt incredibly silly, holding them shut the whole time. Finally I found the fucking table and set down the pizza. But by now, I’d lost sense of direction. I inwardly groaned as I heard myself ask, trying not to let my exasperation show: “Which way is the door?”

The kid giggled.

More groping around in the dark, to the constant teasing and the demand I just “peek” and look around. I was seriously tempted but by this point it was just a battle of wills. I spent five minutes uselessly following the kid’s circular directions before I wised up and went straight until I hit a wall, then groped along it until I found a door. The door opened to another room in the house—I could tell because the carpet continued inside. And also by the smell, which was… sour. Rotten. Just a whiff was enough for me to shut the door and wrinkle my nose. I continued to feel along the walls, and finally I found the door to the fresh outdoor air. I was stepping down when—

“Wait! I forgot. Mom and Dad said to give you a tip.”

A tip.

Greed waged a battle against better judgment.

As anyone who knows me can guess, greed won handily.

I turned back around and held out my hand.

“Here,” said the kid. I felt a crumpled bill graze my fingers, but it fell to the ground. “Oops,” said the kid, as I swore and dropped down, feeling around.

I grabbed the bill, quickly pocketed it, and felt my way out of the house.

“Bye!” said the kid.

“Enjoy your pizza, thanks for the tip, kiddo,” I said. Then I turned away, taking several steps before opening my eyes to the street and running. Took off my blindfold, dove into my car, and sat there panting, wondering what the hell had just happened.

The kid. The moment the kid dropped the cash. I’d bent down to snatch it, feeling around on the carpet. But just for a split second, in reflex, my eyes had opened behind the blindfold. Just enough for me to see through a gap beneath the bottom of the cloth…

… and I’d glimpsed the crumpled bill next to the hairy toes and large foot of an adult man.

Not a seven or eight-year-old child.

I’d shut my eyes while the kid voice came out of whatever adult body that was and said, “Oops.” And I’d pretended to still be blind.

When I got back to the pizzeria, I finally checked the wadded up bill and it was a twenty. Seventy dollars total and I’d spent about half an hour (though it had *felt* like a lot longer that I was playing blind man’s bluff with that fucking kid—er, man).

The boss said, “Next one’s ready for you,” without looking up from the dough he was kneading, and I just stood there, staring at the pizza on the counter with the slip of paper on top of it. At my prolonged silence, he finally glanced over and gruffly said, “You followed the rules, right?”

“Uh, yup... Ish.”

“The fuck’s a yuppish?” He glared. “You either did or you didn’t.”

“These rules… what happens if you don’t follow them?” I asked.

He sighed. “Go home.”

“Wait—”

“Go home! I can’t have employees who can’t follow simple—”

“I followed them. It’s just a question. I’m just wondering, you know, why the odd rules. Why you had me deliver a pizza to a little kid while keeping my eyes closed.”

Instead of answering my question, he heaved a long sigh, shook his head, and said, “Dee-noh—”

“Dino.”

“Lemme tell you about the last pizza delivery gal I had. She had a delivery to an apartment. Simple rules. *Door will be unlocked. Leave the pizza on the coffee table. Touch nothing. Take nothing.* But she took something…”

“So… she stole?” I said. “From this apartment?”

“… yeah, I guess you could say that.” He looked a bit deflated. “She didn’t mean to but that’s how the client took it. Anyway she doesn’t work here anymore.”

The way he said “doesn’t work here anymore” was the way you’d say “my condolences.” I was gonna ask him more but he gruffly turned his back and grabbed a shirt off a rack and handed it to me. “Your uniform, since you’re determined to stay. It’s an extra-large, but an oversized shirt is probably OK for a tomboy like you, yeah?”

I’m not a tomboy. People mistake my lack of fashion for tomboyishness, but in fact I am just much too lazy to perform femininity. I pulled the oversized t-shirt on over my Peak Mediocrity shirt and I could have fit three of me comfortably in here.

The boss gave me a thumbs up and lied that I looked great and handed me the next pizza and said, “Just pay attention to the red flags. Pay is good. You can last a long time here. But you gotta follow the rules.”

I looked at the pizza box. On it was a red flag with the simplest of instructions: *DOOR WILL BE UNLOCKED. LEAVE THE PIZZA ON THE COFFEE TABLE. TOUCH NOTHING. TAKE NOTHING.*

The job that got the previous girl fired?

Challenge accepted.

Mainly due to the hundred bucks that was also in his hand. And the fact the address was only a fifteen minute drive.

While driving, I had some time to reflect on my life choices. And on whether accepting this sketchy gig was really a good idea. Not that I had many options, with rent due and my parents telling me they couldn’t keep sending me money if I couldn’t keep a job.

If you’re wondering why anyone is named Dinosaur (because yes that is my full name, Dino is a nickname), it’s because my parents are hippies who believe kids should decide their own identities and asked me at age 4 what I wanted to be called. Honestly when I chose the name Dinosaur that should’ve been an indication to my folks that I am not up to the task of making my own decisions and living with them.

And that’s what I was thinking about, my not-so-stellar decision-making abilities, when I pulled up to the address on the note and it was this creepy-ass motel where all the rooms were completely dark except for a single lit window.

If I were a serial killer and gonna hide a body at a motel, this is the one I’d’ve done it at.

Briefly, I considered pocketing the hundred dollars and running. Just not delivering that pizza and not showing up for work.

I looked at the note. *DOOR WILL BE UNLOCKED. LEAVE THE PIZZA ON THE COFFEE TABLE. TOUCH NOTHING. TAKE NOTHING.*

*Ok, Dino*, I told myself. *Come on. Even you can follow directions this simple.*

I got outta the car, snatched up the pizza, and headed up the darkened stairs, the metal steps resounding under my boots. Walked out along the walkway, counting the rooms, shining my flashlight to see the numbers because again, this place was pitch dark—all except that one lit window. And of course. Of course that was the one that matched the address. Room 213.

I knocked. No answer.

I knew I was supposed to go in but I was irrationally (or totally rationally?) nervous. After waiting a few seconds I tried the door, and it swung open easily.

I wasn’t prepared for what was inside.

I stepped in… to my own apartment.

It made no sense.

This was MY shitty little studio, exactly the way I’d left it this morning. In the far corner my unmade bed on the floor—right down where my expectations tend to be. My dishes were in the sink in the tiny kitchen, starting to smell pretty bad because it was day three of avoiding them (I could and definitely would make the stack higher though). Beside the door was the trash I forgot to take out that morning. I could’ve taken it right now—

*TOUCH NOTHING. TAKE NOTHING.*

I stood there, holding that fucking pizza box in my hand, looking at my own apartment. Was this a joke? A test? A delusional episode? Was I high?

I tried to remember if I was high.

Didn’t think so.

I stepped inside, walked over to the coffee table with this morning’s plate still with crumbs on it and half a can of an energy drink. Set the pizza down amid the mess and stepped away. And I realized… it wasn’t *quite* my apartment. Close, but not exact. That was a different plate on the coffee table. A generic white plate, not the exact chipped one that I always used that I got at a thrift store as part of a set. The dishes in the sink were similar but not my exact dishes. The coffee table was the same brand but newer, not the free one I’d pulled off the curb. It was like someone took a picture of my apartment and recreated a slightly more generic version of it. But it wasn’t my home.

Weird. CREEPY. I had a lot of questions for my boss. But at least I knew it wasn’t actually my place.

I was about to leave when I saw it. And this time—oh, this *wasn’t* a replica. It was the urn that held my dog’s ashes. Literally the only thing in my apartment I cared about. All I had left of Daisy, with the handwritten messages from me and my siblings saying goodbye. I had every loop and swirl of our handwriting memorized. Whoever this customer was, they’d taken this urn from its sacred place on—well, on the electronics cabinet next to the router and playstation (look it’s a small apartment). But it was MINE.

I started to reach for it, then I stopped.

I kid you not, I thought I heard a dog bark outside.

Anyway the dog barking was enough of a distraction for me to remember the red flag.

And did I really need that urn to sit on my shelf? How long would it live there? The rest of my life? And did Daisy even care at this point? No, of course not, Daisy when she was alive would have given it one sniff and ignored it, so perhaps it was time to pay attention to the red flag and step back outside. Maybe the dog barking was a sign I should leave it.

So I stepped back outside, closing the door of my fake apartment behind me, and headed back down the metal stairs.

I was approaching my car when footsteps brought my head up.

“Hey girl,” rasped a voice behind me.

I turned around.

The girl leering at me wore a t-shirt with the same pizza delivery logo as mine. She was about my age, but her skin had a grayish, mottled color. She definitely smelled, even at a distance, like… well, like something rotting. Around her neck she wore a choker-necklace made of some sort of black, spiky material.

“Dino, wasn’t it? You might make it longer than the last girl.” She held something in her hand—the urn with my dog’s ashes. But as she held it up, it blurred and unfurled into something black and spiny. It looked like a necklace similar to the one she was wearing. She winked at me and said, “Do me a favor, since you have this chance. Get a uniform in your size. I prefer to look good when I wear someone new. Oh and don’t always trust the boss. There’s a red flag for him, too…”

I got outta there quick.

Now, I’m sitting in a parking lot in the delivery car, and I’m trying to decide if I should head back to work. Obviously I need to return the car, but beyond that… should I just quit? I still need rent money, but after meeting the previous girl, maybe moving back in with my parents is the better option…

Maybe I’ll do just one more delivery… if I don’t update, might mean I’m saying hi to Daisy again sooner than I [expected](
Title: There are Ghosts in the woods

I don’t know if you’ll ever see this but here it is.

The fire had grown, roaring away. The logs and branches we had tossed inside were snapping and popping, as the fire consumed them. Its warmth kept the cold at bay, melting the matted down snow around the fire pit.

“How long do we have to wait again?” I asked, watching my hotdog roll in a slow circle on a weiner stick. My friend rolled his eyes from across the fire.

“One in the morning dude, I told you already.” He took a swig from his beer bottle. Most other college students spent their time partying and trying to get girl’s numbers. But not us. We were going to find a ghost, apparently. “Why, you getting tired already?” he asked. I was but he wasn’t getting that satisfaction from me.

“No but I am getting bored, is this all we have to do?” I asked. This was the lamest ghost ritual I had ever heard of. No drawing sigils or anything. You just had to sit around in the fucking boonies with your weinie stick. My friend sighed, giving a dejected look towards the fire.

“Yes, she needs to see our flame. It’ll be like a beacon to her. She’s lost out there somewhere.” He muttered. Our professor had put the idea into his head and now he wouldn’t let it go. He had begged me to come with him. I liked to pretend I had better things to do, but it would surely spice up what would have been another weekend of smoking dope and stinking up the dorm. Now I could at least do it outside.

“Then what?” I asked. “Do we talk to her?” My friend sighed, shaking his head. 

“We take her picture and then we get rich from it.” he said matter of factly. I laughed.

“That’s it? We can’t talk to her or anything? Ask her about the afterlife, or something?” I waved a hand around the makeshift campsite. “We didn’t even bring a ouija board or anything?” Ted shook his head.

“I wasn’t going to bring a ouija board dude. Bad mojo, we could get a demon to come through or something.” I laughed again.

“What kind of ghost hunter are you?”

“The kind that’s going to get super rich. I might even let you have some of the profits.” I snorted, digging into my pocket. I only had two joints left, and would have smoked both of them myself, but today I was feeling generous.

“Here.” I said tossing it over. “How did she die again, drowning?” Ted nodded. Catching the joint, as I lit mine.

“There’s that creek that runs through here. She was super crazy back in the day apparently. A fucking serial killer.” It was the only thing I had ever paid attention to in the old codger’s class. The lady had been a settler back in the day, living in the very woods we were in. Her husband had been a trapper, selling furs for hats. The wife was a recluse rarely showing her face to the small town Fernsworth had been.

This hadn’t done anything for her reputation, and people had started referring to her as what is now a proper bitch. Despite this the husband was a kind man, and they lived happily for a time. Then one particularly brutal winter had brought mountains of snow with it. The couple had been trapped deep in the woods, in their squat cabin. This had broken the woman’s mind. When the snow finally melted, some townspeople had made their way to the cabin. They had found the woman, dressed in her husband’s clothes.

The skin of his face had been turned into a mask and she wore it, her eyes wild beneath it. The townspeople had tried to run, but in their panic failed to notice the traps left behind. One man had been caught in a bear trap, his leg severed in two. The other man had run into a snare trap, not designed for rabbits, but for people. He had struggled and flailed, as he watched the woman approach him with a bloody hatchet. 

When the men had never come back, more townspeople went in their wake. They had found a grisly scene. The woman, being broken by cabin fever, had been eating the men, their limbs laying scattered on the forest floor. Upon being found, she let out a banshee-like scream and fled into the trees, before plunging into a nearby stream that had swallowed her whole. They hadn’t looked for the body. Now the legend claimed if you sat around a campfire in the woods, you could see her, or hear her.

The last of the details fizzled in my mind as I puffed away on my joint, the haze fogging my mind. Ted looked at his phone, the bright screen making his eyes squint. 

“Fifteen more minutes then it happens.” I could hear the anticipation in his voice. Fifteen minutes passed and nothing happened. My eyes kept trying to close, and my joint had burned down to its end. 

“Alright man, we tried, can we go now?” I asked. Ted sighed.

“We got lied to man, I feel like a fish right now.” I waved my hand, not bothering to say I told you so. Instead I kicked snow onto the fire. We were walking away when Ted turned suddenly.

“What?” I asked him. He stood still hands at his sides. I felt my heart beat faster, the blood beating away the sludge of the weed. “The fuck’s the matter with you?” I tugged on his arm, but he shook me off.

“Sounds so beautiful,” he muttered. He was fucking with me, desperate to make something of the night. I turned around and started walking away, expecting him to yell boo or something behind me. Instead he ran into the woods. His footsteps faded into the darkness. I whirled around watching him disappear into the shadows.

“Ted what the fuck!” I yelled. Like a coward I froze, for a good thirty seconds. Then I sprinted after him, fumbling my phone from my pocket. I swore as my cold fingers turned on the flashlight and then dropped the phone. Hurriedly picking it up from the snow I ran in what I thought was the right direction. “Ted!” I shouted. “Come on dude this isn’t funny.” My voice shook. Footsteps plunged further into the dark trees.

I ran in their direction slamming into the bark of a tree and down into the snow. The cold seeped in chilling me. Quickly scrambling to my feet I plunged further into the woods, until I ran right into Ted. It was like hitting a brick wall, my head ached, as I looked up. He was gone by the time I gathered myself the void swallowing him whole.

“Ted, come back!” I screamed. Terror shook me as I pushed through ever deepening snow. The trees stared down at me as I passed by, their frozen limbs like crooked fingers. All of them pointed deeper into the woods. Somehow I found Ted again. He stood at the bank of a frozen stream. The one in the story, I had no doubt in my mind. He swayed, his eyes vacant as he stared down at it. “Ted please, come back, we’re lost. We could die out here dude!” I pulled on his arm to no avail, his feet were frozen to the ground.

“Can you hear it Ian?” he asked. I stopped tugging, only managing to shake my head. “She has such a nice voice, listen.” His arm moved faster than I thought possible, grabbing me by the back of my neck. Panicking I struggled trying to pry his fingers off me, but he had an iron grip. 

“Let go!” I screamed into his ear, beating and flailing against him, all to no avail. That was when the song seeped into my ears. There were no words, only whistling. Ted was right, it was beautiful. Like the most heavenly birdsong you’d ever heard. It rooted itself into my brain, and I stopped struggling. My light shone across the frozen surface on the ice. Something was moving underneath it. They were hands, so many of them.

Some beckoned, and some beat on the ice. My mouth was dry and my mind folded in on itself. Ted moved, his feet crossing onto the ice dragging me with him. I fought with all of my strength scratching his hand. We moved further onto the ice, my feet dragging behind me as Ted drug me with the strength of a gorilla. The song grew in volume, growing all the more heavenly as we approached the hands moving in frenzy knocking against the ice. Something cracked.

My mind racing I lunged up and bit Ted’s neck. He jerked suddenly and let me go.

“Jesus Christ!” he turned to me, hand clamped on his neck. Then he looked around. “Where are-” The ice shattered. The hands raced upwards, grabbing Ted. His mouth made an O, and then he was gone. I ran. Somehow, some way making my way back through the woods, back to my car. It wasn’t until I had gotten back into town, that I stopped. Tears made my eyes red, and my hands shook. Ted’s face was burned into my mind, there one second gone the next.

The song still plays in my head. The police questioned me to no end. I didn’t tell them about the hands, they would have never believed me. Instead I lied. Told them he ran into the woods, and I had tried to stop him. Then he drowned. His death was ruled a suicide, his parents glares told me who they blamed.

That was almost four months ago now. Even as I sit alone in my room, I hear the whistling. It follows me everywhere. Nothing about the story said anything about whistling, and nobody said anything about how many people went missing in those woods. I don’t know what telling this will accomplish. But I’m going back out there. The whistling is calling me, and I can’t resist it.

[
Title: The Twisted Walker

My friends invited me to go camping for a mutual friend's 25th birthday. I'm hoping they are having fun, but I'm definitely not. I'm certainly trying to do my best and it is pretty sweet that they invited me to tag along because Joey (the friend who's birthday it is) wanted me specifically to come and I don't want to let him down... but I can never do anything except count the days until we're headed home now that the skies are dark from the snowstorms. I tagged along because I'm not sure how much I buy into "The Twisted Walker" and what happens at night if the sky is dark. And what happens if it remembers you.

But last night, after being pestered by one of my friends to come outside to join the bonfire, I shared my story around the campfire. Joey was really in the mood for a scary story, and I figured I owed them all a bit of an explanation for my behavior. So, I sat down around the fire, ignoring the feeling that we were being watched from the dark tree line, and did the familiar setting ups of a scary story before getting into it.

There’s a story when I was growing up called “The Twisted Walker.” There’s a lot of hunters and woods in Carroll County so it could have taken place there, but no one knows for sure. And I always kinda liked that because that means it could take place anywhere and that makes it a little scarier. In any forest or wooded area. But growing up, I mainly liked the uncertainty because it meant that there was a chance it wasn’t taking place in Carroll County. Even now though, I work right next to a wooded area in Maryland and have a view of it from my office window. And with it getting dark earlier this time of year, I keep thinking about this story when I’m walking to my car at the end of my shift. Anyways, I’m pretty sure it’s just a story for hunters to scare them and make sure they are paying attention or remaining respectful of nature when hunting. Or maybe animal rights activists or nature preservationists (like my camp counselors at outdoor school) told it to keep kids from growing up to hunt in the woods. Or maybe it’s all true. But here we go…

I never really believed it because I lived in Carroll County too but in the southern area in the suburb neighborhoods. Granted, I would feel uneasy while walking through the woods when I was younger like something was watching me. And who knows, maybe something was. But I never saw any weird tracks. Nothing out of the ordinary. Except for the time that I went to “Outdoor Camp” which was in the northern area of Carroll County. I say “was” because the camp has been closed for about ten years along with the surrounding area.

In middle school, all the kids in sixth grade would go to Camp Hashawa for Outdoor School for a week. When I went, the kids in the cabin and I had a hard time sleeping during the latter half of the week because we kept hearing noises at night. Not right outside our cabin, but definitely from somewhere in the camp area. When I asked some of the high school camp counselors, they told me about “The Twisted Walker.”

Every night that it’s dark, if there's a new moon or it's cloudy (like it was during the latter half of my week at the camp because of snowstorms and like it had been last night when telling this story), people in the rural areas of northern Carroll County can hear noises out in the woods or right outside their houses. Uncanny voices and shrieks, snarls, pained bellows, and sometimes scratches and knocks if it got close enough to their house. And everyone in the area knows to stay inside and make sure to lock your doors and cover your windows if you hear the noises. But if you had forgotten to lock your doors by the time you hear noises, it’s probably too late. There have been stories of people missing from their homes with front doors left thrown open or shattered bedroom windows next to where they had been sleeping if their blinds weren’t drawn. Regardless of whether someone is taken or not, the morning after hearing the noises in the night, people always find tracks in the ground.

The accounts of the tracks change a lot. Some people say that the tracks look like big pawprints from a canine or a big feline animal or a bear. Some people say that the tracks are cloven like from something with hooves. Some people say that they look like human footprints. But everyone always agrees that there is something off about them.

This freaked out me and a couple of the other kids in my cabin for the remainder of our time at camp, but we all thought it was just a really creepy scary story and/or a prank. At the end of the week, we played a fun survival game in the woods even though there was snow all over the ground. I was hiding near the end of the campgrounds around some dense pine trees and a meadow just beyond the tree line and the camp border. That’s when I found the animal tracks that led from underneath one of the trees and out into the meadow. I can’t remember what the tracks looked like except that I just knew that they were from a predator and something about them seemed wrong. And even though they led out into the meadow and away from camp, I felt unsafe. As usual, like I was being watched nearby. But I learned something about that sensation in recent years. It's your brain picking up on something you either saw or heard, but your consciousness is trying to catch up. I should have realized I wasn't alone.

But nothing happened. The game continued and no kids went missing or anything spooky like that. And I completely forgot about the tracks and the story for years until around high school. That was when kids DID go missing. That’s when a volunteer camp counselor from a neighboring high school went missing. And that’s when the camp was closed.

At this point, Joey's girlfriend and a few others went back inside from the fire. Either I had been doing a good job with my story and it was scary enough for them to want to go back inside... or my story was boring. Regardless, I apologize. But I am also glad that they went indoors. Joey and a few others however were still down to hear the rest of it so I continued with what apparently happened ten years ago.

From what I heard, after some kids went missing one week during Outdoor School, police had found what they said were animal tracks near the cabin of the missing kids and camp counselor the next day. They assumed it was maybe a bear or wolf or something and had animal control search the area and find the animal. Those who did come back said they followed the tracks in the direction they were heading, even the fresh ones that showed up during the search, but couldn’t find anything. The ones who didn’t come back apparently did but they were never seen again, so no one knows. The camp then hired professional hunters to try and find this animal. The hunters tried to hunt it down, but when the same results occurred, the camp was closed.

I knew this was the part that Joey would want to hear so I continued on with the urban legend that was spread around for years since the camp closed.

Now, the rest of the story goes like this. The camp, being county property, was closed and restricted access to everyone except the owner who lived on the location. The owner was a very weird old man who had been there for years. Strangely enough, he had offered very little information during the investigation and claimed he had never heard or seen anything unusual in the area. I call bullshit on that as most people do, but he had been monitored in questioning at the same time a couple of the animal control members had gone missing as well, so do with that information as you will. 

A while after the camp had closed, a couple stubborn hunters with what I can assume were ego issues were still frustrated about not being able to find the animal. The owner reached out to them and invited them to come back to the campgrounds and continue/finish the hunt. The hunters who agreed consisted of a seasoned veteran to hunting, his daughter who was following in his footsteps, and two of the father’s friends with similar hunting experience. They spent days tracking the animal’s prints but couldn’t find anything. At one point, they found a cave that the tracks led to, but when searching inside it, they found nothing. At night, however, they kept hearing noises. Almost as if whatever it was kept taunting them that they couldn’t find it. And with each night, it got bolder. 

One night, the seasoned hunter and his daughter were sleeping in a cabin that the owner let them stay in for the duration of their hunting. The other two hunters slept in another one nearby. That’s when the father and the daughter were woken up to the sound of something scratching the cabin wall from the outside. The father heard his daughter scream, and she told him that she had seen something in the dark outside looking in through the window at her. Guess she had left her blinds open. The daughter’s bravery had left her and she was terrified, but the father was determined and started getting his gear together. Just as he was grabbing his gun, they heard a loud thud coming from the roof of the cabin. He ran outside and looked up, but it was too dark to see anything on the roof. He did, however, find fresh tracks at the base of the cabin that led away into the dark.

The father told his daughter to stay put since she was pretty shaken up and that he was going off to find it. He was convinced she’d be safe since he assumed whatever it was had jumped down from the roof and ran off into the woods. Despite the daughter's protests, he left and the daughter was all alone. She remained on the porch of the cabin, conflicted on whether she should follow her dad or not. In the silence, she kept thinking she could hear heavy breathing and a kind of hissing/clicking noise from somewhere in the dark around her. She looked in every direction and couldn’t find anything around the cabin, but the noise continued as if it were right on top of her.

Scared that the animal might have doubled back and was nearby, she went inside, locked the door, and closed the window blinds. Throughout the night, she kept hearing noises. The cabin kept groaning. The hissing/clicking noise continued. At one point, she heard a loud thud somewhere nearby. Eventually, she started hearing knocking at her door. But each time she called out to see if it was her dad, no one responded. This continued until almost sunrise.

The next morning, her father returned and she told him everything about that night. He could barely take in any of what she was saying though regardless of whether he believed it or not. He was pissed because he searched and followed the animal tracks all night but still didn’t find anything. That’s when they saw the other tracks. There were fresh tracks in the ground circling their cabin. This worsened the confusion and frustration of the father who had followed the tracks the whole time and had never seen them return towards camp. And then they heard the news. The owner rushed over to tell them that the cabin with the other two hunters had been broken into and nearly destroyed. Despite them having locked their door the whole night. One hunter was incomprehensible in a delirious state, needing to be taken away in an ambulance. The other was missing. All he left behind was signs of a struggle and a blood trail leading into the woods.

With the other two hunters being his close friend and hunting buddies for years, the father was furious. Against her insistence to not and his own exhaustion, he took his daughter with him into the woods, following the blood trail to finish this. They searched all day until the sun started to sink in the sky, unable to pick up the track again or any tracking signs that made sense. In fact, it appeared that the tracks were bipedal, disproving pretty much all the assumptions of a four-legged animal the hunters had since made. Finally, they followed the trail of blood and picked up the animal tracks again next to the cave they had found. The tracks were coming out from the cave (the freshest he had seen yet) and there was also the smell of death in the air. The father knew this meant he was on the right track. But after hearing hours of pleading throughout the day from his daughter, he gave in. He told his daughter to stay put as she had been wanted to all day and that he would finish it himself. Convinced of her safety and promising he wouldn’t go far as the animal seemed to be nearby, the father followed the tracks that led away from the cave and further into the woods, once again leaving his daughter behind.

The tracks went on for longer than the hunter had expected. Convinced that whatever this thing had been was close by due to how fresh the tracks were, he continued following them the way they were headed. Further ahead and deeper into the woods. His heart sank when he realized the pools of blood on the ground were getting larger and fresher, but at least this was another sign he was getting close. Holding onto this hope, he ignored the fact that the tracks seemed to be getting fainter and less fresh, which again made no sense. Finally, he came into a clearing and found something. But it wasn’t the animal. It was his missing hunter friend, torn apart and openly bleeding on the ground and breathing his last remaining rattling breaths. The hunter ran to his side and tried to examine his wounds, but his friend instead grabbed him by the shoulder with his last bit of strength.

“I… it… back… twisted… it’s…” the friend had faintly gurgled, unable to make a sentence. 

“Just try to stay still,” the hunter responded even though he knew it was no use.

That’s when his friend with his final strength grabbed him, pulled him close, and shouted in manic fear, “Backwards! It’s legs! Inverted! Twisted from the waist down! IT WALKS BACKWARDS!”

As his friend’s grip released and he fell silent, everything finally made sense to the hunter. He left his friend and sprinted back the way he had come, following the tracks on the ground the way he should have all along. But when he got back to the spot he had left his daughter next to the mouth of the cave where the tracks had been the freshest, she was nowhere to be seen. All that was left behind has her shotgun, bent and thrown aside in the nearby bushes.

Honestly, I’m not sure how much of the story I believe. Apparently, the hunter had come back home to tell everyone the story before disappearing. Maybe he went back out there to find The Twisted Walker to get revenge. Maybe it remembered him and came to find him first. I don’t like the idea of the second option because the one other thing I remember on the last day of outdoor school is that, even though I saw the tracks in the snow leading off into the meadow, I couldn’t stop fainting hearing the sound of breathing and a clicking/hissing noise coming from the dense trees the tracks had come from. Maybe it remembers me too.

I’ll tell this story now because they are talking about reopening Camp Hashawa after ten years. The owner, still living there, had shot down a bear (even though it looked more like it had been mauled to death) and claimed it was the animal. He convinced the county that it was safe for the kids and camp counselors to return now. I’ll never go back there though or anywhere near northern Carroll County, if that’s even where The Twisted Walker actually is. Regardless, I’ll never go out at night when the sky is dark or cloudy. And if I ever see animal tracks in the woods leading off into the woods in front of me, I’ll never dare look behind me.

And with that, we all went inside. We didn't feel most comfortable being outside at that time. Everyone hung out for a little bit longer inside, but I just said I was tired and went to my bed to sleep. I don't actually sleep though. I didn't last night, and I probably won't tonight. Or the next night. Instead, I'll be straining my ears to hear the voices, shrieks, bellows, and snarls I've been hearing in the distance for the past few days. And I'll be listening again for the scratches and knocks I'm pretty sure I heard last night. And I'll be waiting to hear that hissing/clicking noise again. If I'm lucky to survive tonight too, I'm sure I'll see those tracks in the snow outside the cabin the tomorrow morning.

Hope you are having a good time so far, Joey. Happy birthday. And although I'll never say it to your face, fuck you for bringing me along on this trip dude.
Title: I Wish I Hadn't Bought The Car

I’m James, and I used to work at a factory located about forty miles from my city. Before that, I worked at a gas station convenience store. Its owner, who ran the place alone and had no heirs, disappeared one day and never returned. He was young, charismatic, and had a natural businessman’s charm. I remember the last time I saw him clearly. He wore a hoodie and avoided letting me see his face. His hands stayed tucked into his jeans, and he seemed to be in a hurry. Still, when I raised my hand for a handshake, he accepted. His hand felt strange, light and wrinkled, as if I had shaken hands with an old man. That was the last handshake I ever had with him before his disappearance.

A year later, while searching for work, I stumbled upon a vacancy at a factory that produced tyres. I don’t think I should name the factory or the brand. My daily routine involved boarding a bus that constantly ran along that route. There were usually only two passengers: me and an elderly woman who worked at a nearby factory. She was always sad, often sobbing quietly over something she never spoke about. Ever since my first day at the factory, I had seen her there, boarding the bus, usually sitting beside me.

She often said she felt alone, that her days were numbered. She used to commute in her own car, but she had stopped driving. She said she could no longer manage it and preferred public transport, just to feel accompanied. Ironically, all I wanted was a vehicle of my own, a second-hand car that would spare me the dirty, noisy bus. I never told her that. But whenever I said something like, “You should be using your own car instead of this crap. I wish I had one,” she would reply, “You’re young. You should definitely buy one,” ending with a tense smile, as if holding back something she desperately wanted to say.

She often showed me photos from when she was younger, holiday pictures, even her Instagram. Then she would start crying and place her feather-light, almost weightless hand on my shoulder. Once, she showed me a few pictures she had taken near a gas station when she was younger. Strangely, the station looked too familiar, almost identical to the one I used to work at. I shrugged it off as a mere coincidence. Before she could show me more, her spectacles slipped from her face and fell onto the bus floor.

The change was instant. She became horrified, truly horrified, and let out a short, sharp scream, as if she had seen something violently wrong. She fumbled blindly, panic spreading across her face as she reached for the glasses. “I can’t see,” she cried. “Please...please, I can’t see without them.” I noticed her grey eyes then. She said it was impossible for her to see anything without those glasses, not even light.

She had grown very old, and all I could do was sympathize. She deserved that sympathy. Still, her obsession with her younger self unsettled me. She clung to it as though she had aged only days ago. Once, I suggested she quit her job. She never responded only changed the topic every time.

The bus driver was another unsettling presence. He constantly watched us through the rear-view mirror, like a watchman assigned to observe. Whenever I told him, "Keep your eyes on the road," he would reply, "The road knows me. It knows who’s driving it," followed by manic laughter. His gaze, his laughter, his reckless driving, it all made me uneasy. Sometimes, when I looked into the mirror, I could see only his eyes, with no forehead or surrounding features, as if the rest of him didn’t matter.

Eventually, I decided to abandon the bus routine entirely. A friend offered me a small jeep he hadn’t driven in a while, at a great price. I loved it. The next day didn’t begin at the bus stop, but at my own house. I turned the key and heard the soulful hum of an engine that was finally mine. It felt wholesome. Liberating.

After an eight-hour work shift, I was whistling as I entered my car and began driving home. The road was completely empty, no vehicles at all. After a mile or two, I saw an elderly man standing beneath a tree, holding a walking stick and stretching out a hitchhiker sign. He looked to be in his seventies. I stopped. He got in, smiled, and stared at me for a long moment.

When I pressed the accelerator, the car didn’t move. I tried changing gears. Nothing happened. His eyes locked onto mine. I couldn’t look away. My body began to feel weak. I watched his grey hair turn black, his wrinkles smooth away, his frame grow strong. At the same time, my own body shrank, my hands thinning, my muscles wasting, my vision dimming. Darkness crept in.

Before I lost consciousness completely, he pressed a pair of spectacles into my hand. "Here,” he said softly. “Put these on. They’ll let you live the few days you have left." I slid them on. He leaned closer. “Don’t remove them,” he warned. “If you do, they’ll make you see what you shouldn’t.” Then, almost as an afterthought, he added, "People don’t last long once they stop riding, That’s all I know."

I’m on the bus right now. I typed all of this from here. The woman is sitting beside me again, showing me a selfie she once took at a gas station while refuelling. I’m in the background of a few of those photos. I had unknowingly ruined her selfies. Now we sit here, holding hands, sobbing together.

A while ago, my spectacles slipped off. And I saw them. Countless people, screaming, crying, sitting silently throughout the bus. Faces stacked upon faces, lives trapped in reflection. I realized then that without the glasses, we see through the driver’s eyes. The mirror is not for watching the road. It records everything.

The driver slowly turns his head completely around and smiles at us. His head has no eyes. They are fixed inside the rear-view mirror. And I know what’s going to happen next.
Title: Old yellow-eyes

In the early nineties, I got drafted for a war I neither understood nor wanted to wage. I didn't have connections or money to bribe the right people or get out of the country; lot of my generation didn't. We got loaded onto trucks and dumped onto training grounds. Most of us learned little to nothing from basic training. There was no time and no one cared. It was chaos, and even when we deployed, you got a sense that there was no plan followed, no structure, no real idea what we're doing and why. 

Little more than a month passed and we saw no combat, just shuffling in columns from one village to another. There were stories, and smoke on the horizon. Sometimes a unit would go by and we would see wounded, but to us, war was nothing more than endless exhaustion and repetition of meaningless tasks. Which was fine. After a while, we got settled. Our unit was in charge of a stretch of land between two villages, and we were split into defensive positions along crops of trees. We would get fired upon occasionally, and we would fire back. Even now I don't know who fired upon us or who I fired at - whoever it was, it never seemed like we hit anything and they never hit us. Still, in those days, it felt dangerous. Boring, too. Both at the same time, sometimes.

Weather was awful, and never seemed to change. It rained for days. Mud was everywhere. There were four of us in my little group, huddled in a trench we dug. Our position was in a grove. Towards the enemy lines there was nothing but farmland, so we could see far, and we felt fairly safe during the day. At night it was different. Clouds hid the moon most of the time. I remember standing at my guard post and straining to see in the dark before me. Looking for a shifting of shadows, or a flickering light where there should be none. Listening for something that was more than wind. God, I hated every minute of that. It never got easier for me. Others seemed to be more relaxed. I'm sure some even slept right through their stretches. To me, it was always a nerve wrecking experience.

Anyway.

At a time we had a few hard days. Rain poured, wind was relentless, and we were cold, hungry and nervous. Mud got into everything. Miserable time. We went from talking to snarling at each other, then to silence. I don't remember what I was thinking about, just that I was in sort of a daze. Maybe I even dozed off, in spite of weather. What snapped me out of it was an unfamiliar voice. I should have reached out for my weapon, but I froze instead. We had another person in the trench with us. It took me a moment to process. Laughter. Definitely friendly. C just got back from his watch and apparently brought someone with him. He wore the right uniform, although there was no mud on his. A tall, thin fellow, older than we were. In his forties, perhaps. Clean shaven, which was unusual, and with a wild mess of black hair that went against every grooming rule we had. I'm describing him the best I can, but it's probably wrong to do it this way, because when you first see him, you don't really notice anything other than his eyes. They were a mix of brown and yellow, and I swear that if you looked at them long enough, it seemed like they gave out a light of their own. I've never seen someone with that particular color before or after, and if I'm lucky, I won't.

This is the point where I want to say that I knew that there was something wrong with him the moment I saw him. That my instincts told me to stay away. None of that happened, though. I was just happy to have someone new around. His voice was pleasant to listen to, and he had endless stories to tell. I don't actually remember what he was talking about that first night; all I know is that we forgot our misery for a while and were sad to see him leave. From what he told C, he was tasked with delivering something or other and our grove was often on his path. It doesn't make any sense now, and it didn't make much sense then, but C checked him out with the command, and he cleared. We just accepted what he told us and didn't think of it. 

We had three more visits from him, all in all. Second time he came with two bottles of beer. We split them, giddy as children, but something was wrong with it or our guts and we spent the next two days sick and retching. His stories changed, or I started to pay more attention to what he was actually saying. He told us about setting fire to villages, of looting and killing, and I found myself drawing away. It was never something he did - it was always a buddy of his or a story passed around in another unit, or... I don't remember all of it, frankly. He told them with a hint of smile and as if it was all a big joke, with a wink or a chuckle here and there. I don't know. I didn't think it was wrong then, not really. I just didn't feel good listening to him talk, so I spent my time away from the group. That second time, before falling asleep, I saw him huddling with C and talking to him in a hushed tone. I couldn't see his face, but I could see C's, and he looked ecstatic, and I wondered what secrets passed between them then. He was gone by the time I woke up, and I realized how glad I was he left.

I stayed completely away next time. I had to, anyway; it was my turn to be on a watch. When I came back, he was already gone. M was still awake and staring into nothing. Others were asleep. I don't think M even realized I came back. That was fine. There was no part of me that wanted to know what was said that night, and I was happy to curl up and get a few hours of sleep. 

Next couple of days, or a week, I remember being uncomfortable and tense. C was twitchy and kept firing at something. I never saw at what, but I trusted him, and the thought we were harried kept me on the edge of my nerves. We were bickering now all the time. It never came to physical blows, but it was close, more than once. So, when he arrived, even I felt a sigh of relief. This time he had actual news about the war, none good for our side. I thought that it wasn't actually that bad - war had to end some time and sooner it did, we could go back to our lives. Others felt it wouldn't be the worst thing having to retreat from this mudhole; only C was angry about it. There was no alcohol this time, and tension made even chit chat uncomfortable. I withdrew again, willing myself to go to sleep, in spite of freezing wind.

I woke up, or I think I did, in the middle of the night. M was still awake and talking to our guest. I could see his face and those yellowish eyes, illuminated by a glow of a cigarette held loosely in the corner of his lips. You're not supposed to do that, to have a point of light at night, and I wanted to shout at him, to tell him to put the damn thing out. Yet I couldn't make a sound. It was all as in a dream, and maybe it was. His eyes locked on mine, and I swear I saw him raising his fingers to his temple, mimicking a gun, with a grin that was meant to be mischievous but looked grotesque.

Moments later, I jerked awake to the sound of a gun going off. The way I remember it now, no time has passed at all between when I tried to shout at the yellow-eyes and the sound. No time at all. I bolted up, then slipped on the mud, falling down and landing awkwardly on my left arm. I couldn't get up in that moment, but even from my position, I saw M's lifeless body in the mud a few feet away. In his right hand, he held his service pistol. C was there, as surprised as I was, and I could hear A shouting from the guard spot. I forced myself to get up. All I wanted to see was where that yellow eyed bastard went, to go after him, shout, take a shot, do something, anything. Instead, world around me went dark and I lost consciousness.

I wish there was a better ending to this story. I woke up in a field hospital, my arm broken in two places. C later told me that M took his own life. Our 'guest' was gone way before it happened - C was sure about it. Until recently, I thought my imagination got better of me that day. A mixture of exhaustion, dreams and my dislike of old yellow-eyes came together in that feverish, half dreamed event that never happened. For quite a while afterwards, every now and again I woke up in the middle of the night in my room, knowing - without a shadow of doubt - that if I turn my head to the left, I'll see the light of the same cigarette, of the same eyes. I never did turn my head, and if I dream of it again, I still won't. 

Life went on, hard and beautiful at the same time, and I forgot about what happened. Or, rather, didn't think about it as much. C became a mercenary, living life one pointless battlefield after another. We don't have anything in common anymore, and I doubt we ever had. Still, we keep in touch. He sends an email from time to time, I answer or I don't, depending on my mood.

Then, a few days ago, I got another message from C. He is still at it, still in mud and trenches, still killing and trying not to get killed. He also claims he saw yellow-eyed man again. C says he looks the same as he did all those years ago, that he's telling all the same stories, this time in another language and in another land. I choose not to believe him. I choose not to look at the photograph he attached. 

Fuck him, and fuck his endless war.
Title: I don’t see animals, I see demons.

My friends Oscar, Otavio, Beto, and I are biologists and passionate about animals. We decided to take a boat expedition along the rivers of the Amazon rainforest to observe some local animal species up close.

We arrived and began the expedition in the early afternoon. Everything was going smoothly until we reached a certain area where the boat suddenly stopped. At the same moment, we all lost signal. The pilot couldn’t contact anyone, and our cell phones were completely without reception.

We were stuck on the boat for hours, trying unsuccessfully to reach someone. As the sky began to darken, the boat suddenly started to shake. Panic spread among us. Just as abruptly, the shaking stopped, but moments later, we heard a loud удар in the water, which until then had been completely silent.

Oscar began to have a panic attack. Beto and Reginald tried to calm him down while I spoke with the pilot. He told me the boat was starting to sink, that he didn’t know what had caused it, and that we needed to abandon it immediately.

I warned my friends, and after a few minutes of desperate discussion, we decided to jump off the boat. We were terrified. We had no idea what might be in the water, but we had no other option.

We jumped in and swam as fast as we could until we crossed the river. We reached the other side without any immediate problems. Once on solid ground, we could only watch as the boat sank faster than expected, and in a way that felt wrong. We were frozen, completely helpless.

Oscar was terrified because we were lost in the Amazon. The pilot was in disbelief that the boat had sunk for no apparent reason and that no one had come looking for us after the signal disappeared. Reginald, Otavio, and I focused on one thing: how to survive until someone found us.

We managed to start a campfire, and we still had food in our backpacks—enough to last for some time. Even so, none of us felt hungry after everything that had happened. We decided to sleep on the same riverbank where the boat had been, hoping that someone might have noticed its signal before it sank.

I was the last one to fall asleep and the first to wake up. When I opened my eyes, it was still deep into the night. Everything was dark. The only light came from the moon and my phone’s flashlight.

I looked toward the river and saw that the boat had completely disappeared beneath the water. At that exact moment, I felt like I was being watched. My stomach dropped. I turned on my phone’s flashlight and scanned the area.

That’s when I saw it.

A humanoid-shaped shadow, unnaturally tall, standing near the water. Its eyes glowed a bright, unnatural red. I have never felt fear like I did in that moment.

I immediately woke my friends and pointed toward the figure. It didn’t move. It just stood there, watching us. We all stared at it in silence until Reginald finally shouted, “Who are you?”

The creature didn’t respond. It remained completely still. Then we heard laughter—low, distorted, and deeply unsettling—coming from where it stood. Slowly, it began to walk away, disappearing into the jungle as if it had never been there.

I was shaking. I begged everyone to leave that area as soon as possible. We woke the pilot and told him everything we had seen, but he didn’t believe us. He said we were exhausted, scared, and imagining things.

While we were still trying to convince him to leave, we saw a light approaching from the river. It was a rescue boat. We almost cried with relief. We boarded it as fast as we could and immediately begged the pilot to take us away from that place.

To this day, Oscar, Beto, Reginald, and I still question what we saw, and what really caused our boat to sink. But more than anything, we feel a deep and unsettling relief that we’re still alive.
Title: I watch the street from my window every night. The things I see only appear under one of the lights.

It started after the accident. That’s the official story, anyway. The one my doctors like, the one my parents cling to. A simple narrative: a bad turn, a slick patch of road, and a concussion that rattled my brain like a marble in a tin can. The neurologist used phrases like "post-concussive syndrome" and "visual processing anomalies." He showed me diagrams of the temporal lobe and pointed to fuzzy spots on my MRI. He told me it would take time. The flickering lights, the occasional vertigo, the moments of dissociation—it was all just my brain’s wiring trying to reconnect itself.

I believed him. For a while, I really did. It was easier than the alternative.

The street light is at the very end of my block, just before the road curves out of sight. It’s an old one, the kind with a high, cobra-like neck and a sickly orange-yellow glow that always seemed to hum louder than the others. During the day, it's just a piece of municipal furniture. But at night, from my third-floor apartment window, it becomes a stage.

The first time I saw it, I dismissed it. A man was walking his dog, a little terrier of some kind. They passed under the cone of light, and for a split second, the dog’s legs seemed to… multiply. Not a blur of motion, but a clear, distinct image of a creature with at least a dozen spindly legs, skittering along the pavement like a centipede. I blinked hard, rubbing my eyes, and when I looked again, it was just a man and his four-legged dog, trotting along as if nothing had happened. A visual anomaly. My damaged brain misfiring. I took my meds and went to bed.

But it kept happening. Each night, a new, private theatre of the impossible played out under that jaundiced glow. A teenager on a skateboard rolled into the light, and for the two or three seconds he was under it, the skateboard became a long, undulating eel of wood and urethane, propelling him forward with fish-like flicks of its tail. A woman pushing a stroller saw the baby carriage transform into a gurgling, ornate terrarium filled with pulsating, bioluminescent fungi. The woman herself didn't seem to notice, her face illuminated by her phone, as she pushed this impossible object through the light and out the other side, where it seamlessly snapped back into being a normal stroller.

They were elaborate, detailed hallucinations with their own internal logic. A logic I couldn't comprehend. I started keeping a journal, documenting everything.

*October 14th: Watched a couple arguing under the light. As they got more heated, their heads elongated, stretching upwards like taffy until they were just two long, writhing columns of flesh with screaming mouths at the top. The moment they stepped out of the light, they were just a normal, angry couple again, storming off in opposite directions.*

*October 22nd: A pizza delivery car pulled up. The driver got out and went to a door. While he was gone, the car, bathed in that orange light, slowly unfolded itself. The wheels retracted, the chassis split open, and it rearranged its metal and glass into a colossal, multi-faceted insect. It looked like a beetle made of chrome and safety glass, its headlights glowing like compound eyes. It just sat there, flexing its new limbs, until the driver came back. As he approached, it folded itself back into a car with a sickening, grinding-wet sound just before he opened the door.*

*November 5th: Tonight was… quiet. A plastic bag blew under the light. It filled not with air, but with what looked like a dense cluster of human teeth, chattering silently. It tumbled out of the light and was just a plastic bag again.*

I tried to prove it. I set up my phone to record the street, leaving it on the windowsill all night. I’d watch some new absurdity unfold—a bicycle melting into a puddle of shimmering, liquid chrome that then slithered away before reforming on the other side—and I’d feel a frantic, vindicated excitement. *I have it. I have proof.* But when I played the footage back, there was nothing. Just grainy, nighttime video of a perfectly normal street. A man walking a dog. A teenager on a skateboard. A car parked by the curb. The camera saw what everyone else saw. Only I was privy to the madness.

The doctors were kind but firm. They upped my dosage. They suggested therapy for anxiety and trauma. My parents would call, their voices strained with a pained sort of patience, asking if I was "seeing things" again. My world shrank to the dimensions of my apartment, and the focal point of my entire existence became that window and the sickly orange circle of light on the pavement below.

I was losing my mind. There was no other explanation. I was a young man with a faulty circuit in his head, watching the world short-out in ways only I could see. I was alone in it. Completely and utterly alone.

Until I saw the paintings.

They started appearing on the brick wall of the warehouse opposite my building. It was a popular spot for street artists, usually covered in layered tags and bubble letters. But one morning, there was something new. A large, detailed piece, done in spray paint with an incredible level of skill. It was a dog. But it wasn't just any dog. It was the centipede-dog, its dozens of spindly legs rendered in perfect, nightmarish detail, skittering under a halo of orange-yellow spray paint.

My heart hammered against my ribs. It was too specific. A coincidence of that magnitude wasn't possible.

The next week, another piece appeared. The couple with their necks stretched into impossible, screaming columns. The week after that, the chrome beetle, its multifaceted eyes staring out from the brick with a lifeless, mechanical menace.

Someone else was seeing it.

I became obsessed. I stopped watching the light and started watching the wall. I needed to find who was doing this. For three nights, I barely slept, just drinking coffee and staring out my window, waiting. On the fourth night, around 3 a.m., I saw a figure. A person dressed in dark clothes, carrying a heavy bag, moving quickly and quietly towards the wall.

I didn’t even think. I threw on my shoes, grabbed my keys, and was out the door and down the stairs in seconds. By the time I got to the street, the air was cold and sharp, and I could hear the faint, rhythmic hiss of a spray can. I rounded the corner of the warehouse and there he was.

He was thin, wiry, with dark smudges of exhaustion under his eyes that were visible even in the dim light. He looked like he hadn't slept in a month. He was working on a new piece: the woman pushing the terrarium stroller full of glowing mushrooms. He was so focused, he didn't hear me approach until I was only a few feet away.

"You see it too," I said. It wasn't a question.

He flinched, spinning around, can in hand like a weapon. His eyes were wide, panicked. He looked me up and down, then his gaze drifted past me, up towards my apartment building, and then to the street light at the end of the block. A flicker of understanding, or maybe recognition, crossed his face. The tension in his shoulders eased, but only slightly.

"See what?" he asked, his voice a hoarse whisper. "The art? It's just art, man."

"No," I said, stepping closer. I pointed a trembling finger at the wall. "That. The… the dog. The car. I see them. I see it happen. Under the light."

He stared at me for a long time. His eyes searched my face, looking for something. Deception, maybe. Or maybe the same brand of madness he felt in himself. The silence stretched, broken only by the distant hum of the city and the closer, louder hum of the street light.

Finally, he let out a long, shuddering breath he seemed to have been holding for weeks. He sagged against the wall, dropping his bag of cans with a clatter.

"Thank God," he breathed, the words fogging in the cold air. "I thought I was the only one."

His apartment was directly across from mine, one floor up. It was a chaotic studio, canvases stacked against every wall, a fine mist of paint dust coating every surface. But the prime real estate, the space directly in front of the large window overlooking the street, was clear. A worn-out armchair was positioned there, a small table beside it covered in sketchbooks and empty mugs. It was a mirror of my own setup. A twin observation post for the same silent, nightly horror.

He didn't have a head injury. He wasn't on any medication. He was a freelance graphic designer and street artist who worked late and slept little. He'd lived in that building for two years, but he only started noticing the "changes," as he called them, about six months ago.

"At first, it was small stuff," he said, flipping through one of his sketchbooks. The pages were filled with frantic, detailed drawings of the things I’d seen. The eel-skateboard. The bag of teeth. He’d captured them perfectly. "A cat's tail would split into three for a second. A hubcap would spin off a car and sort of… hover, like a little UFO, before snapping back into place. I just thought I was tired. Seeing things."

He paused on a sketch of a man whose head had been replaced by a furiously ringing, old-fashioned rotary telephone. The man’s hands were clasped over where his ears should have been, his body language a portrait of agony. I remembered that one. It was from a few weeks back. The sound had been the worst part. I hadn't heard it with my ears, but I'd felt it in my teeth, a piercing, phantom ring that made my whole skull vibrate.

"I saw that," I whispered, pointing at the drawing. "I… I heard the ringing."

He looked up from the book, his bloodshot eyes locking with mine. "You heard it? It wasn't a real sound."

"I know. It was… in my head. But it was there."

"The physics are all wrong," he said, more to himself than to me. "The anatomy is fluid. It's like… it's like dream logic. You know? In a dream, you can be in your childhood home but it's also a spaceship, and it makes perfect sense until you wake up. That's what this feels like."

For hours, we just talked. We traded stories, compared dates, described the impossible things we'd seen. Every bizarre, terrifying vision I had privately catalogued as evidence of my own insanity, he had seen too. He had drawn it, tried to capture its impossible form on paper or brick. The crushing weight of the loneliness I’d been carrying for months began to lift, replaced by something far colder and more terrifying: the certainty that this was real.

"Why us?" I finally asked, looking from his exhausted face to the window, to the orange glow down the street. "Why are we the only ones who can see it?"

He shrugged, rubbing his tired eyes with paint-stained fingers. "I don't know. Maybe we're just wired differently. Maybe we're broken in the right way. You had the accident. Me… I don't sleep much. I live half my life in that weird state between being awake and dreaming. Maybe our brains are just… receptive to the signal."

The next few weeks were different. The fear was still there, a constant, low hum in the back of my mind, but it was no longer the sharp, isolating terror of madness. It was a shared fear, which made it bearable. Most nights, I’d go over to his apartment. We’d sit in the dark, him with his sketchbook, me with my journal, and we’d watch the stage below. We were like two scientists observing a phenomenon no one else on Earth knew existed.

We started to see patterns. The transformations were getting longer. What used to be a split-second flicker now lasted for several seconds, sometimes for the entire duration of the transit under the light. They were also getting more… elaborate. More grotesque.

A city bus passed under the light, and for a full ten seconds, it became a great, lumbering beast of flesh and bone. Its windows were like rows of weeping eyes, and its rubber wheels became thick, padded feet that left wet, steaming prints on the asphalt. The people inside were visible as shadowy lumps, jostling around in its cavernous, rib-lined interior. Then it rolled out of the light and was just a bus again, its taillights disappearing around the corner.

"It's getting worse," he said one night, his voice tight. We were watching a mail carrier stop to sort letters under the light. The man's hands suddenly melted and fused together, his fingers branching and weaving into a complex, fleshy lattice, like a human basket. He continued his work, manipulating the letters with this horrifying new appendage, his face a mask of placid indifference.

"The early stuff was weird, almost whimsical," he continued, sketching furiously. "Remember the hat that turned into a bird and flew away? Now… this. A bus made of meat. A man with hands like a wicker chair. The tone is changing. It's getting angrier. More violent."

That’s when he told me his theory. He’d been working on it for a while, he said. It was the only thing that made a kind of terrible sense.

"It's dream logic," he began, not looking up from his paper. "The rules don't apply. Things change, things become other things, and no one inside the dream ever questions it. The woman with the terrarium stroller, the guy with the phone for a head… they don't react. Because to them, in that moment, it's normal."

He finally looked at me, his gaze intense. "We're not watching our world get weird. We're watching someone else's. We're inside a dream. And the dreamer is having a nightmare."

The air in the room grew thick and cold. I stared at him, my mind refusing to process the words. A dream. Not a hallucination.

"That's insane," I said, but the words felt hollow. My own diagnosis had been "insane," but this felt different. It felt like a key turning in a lock I didn’t even know was there.

"Is it?" he countered, his voice low and urgent. "Think about it. Why can only we see it? Because we're lucid. We're the part of the dream that's starting to realize it's a dream. Your concussion, my sleep deprivation… it's like it knocked us loose from the narrative. We're bugs in the code. We're not supposed to be noticing the scenery changing."

He stood up and started pacing the small apartment, his movements agitated. "And the nightmare is getting worse. More intense. More visceral. Whatever is dreaming us is not resting easy. And that leaves us with two possibilities, neither of them good."

He stopped in front of the window, silhouetted against the city lights.

"One: The dreamer wakes up."

He let the words hang in the air. I thought about what happens to the characters in your dream when your alarm goes off. They don't go anywhere. They just… stop. The world they inhabit, the logic that governs them, it all dissolves into nothing in an instant. Our entire existence, this whole neighborhood, maybe the entire world, could just… switch off.

"What's the second one?" I asked, my voice barely a whisper.

He turned back to me, and the look on his face was one of pure, distilled dread.

"The second one is worse. The dreamer doesn't wake up. The nightmare gets so powerful, so absolute, that it breaks through. It becomes the new reality. The dream stops being a dream and just… *is*. All the things we see under that light? The chrome beetles, the flesh-buses, the melting people? That becomes the baseline. That becomes the new normal. And everyone will just accept it. Everyone but us."

A wave of nausea rolled over me. I looked out the window at the street. It was just a street. Cars passed, people walked. But now, it all looked so fragile. So temporary. A thin veneer of normalcy stretched taut over a roiling abyss of incoherent horror. 

We fell into a grim routine. Every night, we kept our vigil. The artist stopped painting on the street. "No point," he'd said. "It's like trying to describe a hurricane by painting a single drop of rain." His sketchbooks grew darker, filled with images that made my stomach churn. A flock of pigeons landed under the light, and their bodies split open, disgorging writhing tangles of wires and sparking circuits that chirped and fluttered before they reformed and flew off. A fire hydrant unscrewed itself from the pavement, grew a set of brass spider legs, and skittered down the block before planting itself in a new spot.

We saw a police car pull someone over directly under the light. The two officers who got out were wrong. Their limbs were too long, moving with a jerky, stop-motion gait. When one of them spoke, his jaw unhinged clear down to his sternum, revealing not a throat, but a spinning vortex of rainbow-colored light that emitted a sound like grinding static. The driver they’d pulled over simply handed his license and registration into the vortex, completely unfazed.

The artist’s theory felt less like a theory and more like an observation with every passing night. We were commentators at the apocalypse, watching the world end one surreal, nonsensical transformation at a time. We talked about running. Getting in a car and just driving until we were somewhere else. But we both knew it was pointless. How do you run from the inside of a dream? You'd just be taking the dream with you.

Last night was the worst. A young woman was walking home, her footsteps echoing in the quiet street. She stopped under the light to check a message on her phone. As she stood there, bathed in the orange glow, she began to unravel. Literally. Her form loosened, the threads of her being coming undone like a cheap sweater. Her skin, her clothes, her hair—it all unspooled into long, shimmering filaments that drifted in the air, connected only to a single, pulsing point of light where her heart would have been. For a moment, she was just a beautiful, terrifying constellation of herself, a human form deconstructed into pure thread. And then, just as slowly, she was woven back together. She blinked, put her phone in her pocket, and continued on her way, never knowing she had ceased to exist for a full thirty seconds.

The artist didn't even sketch it. He just sat there, watching, his face pale and clammy. "It's getting more stable," he whispered after she was gone. "The changes are holding for longer. The dreamer's mind… it's focusing. Honing the nightmare."

Which brings me to tonight. To right now.

I’m in his apartment. We’ve been here for hours, not speaking, just watching the street light. It feels different. The air itself feels heavy, charged with a strange electricity. For the last hour, nothing has happened. The street has been empty. The silence is more nerve-wracking than the transformations. It feels like the quiet intake of breath before a scream.

Then, a garbage truck rumbles down the street. It’s a big, industrial vehicle, loud and solid. It slows, its brakes hissing, and stops directly under the light.

And the transformation begins.

It’s not fast. It’s not a flicker. It’s a slow, deliberate, grinding metamorphosis. The metal groans and softens, the hard angles of the chassis rounding out, taking on the texture of gray, mottled skin. The big hydraulic arm on the side detaches and begins to move on its own, its claw snapping like a pincer as it scuttles around the main body. The tires bulge and flatten, becoming thick, fleshy pads that seem to suction themselves to the asphalt. The whole truck is becoming some kind of colossal, slug-like creature, its engine-rumble deepening into a wet, guttural breathing.

And it’s not changing back.

It’s just sitting there, under the light, a permanent fixture of impossibility. 

The artist and I are frozen at the window, side-by-side, watching this new, solid reality establish itself on our street. My heart is a cold, heavy stone in my chest. He was right. It’s breaking through.

And then we hear it.

It’s not a sound that comes through the window. It doesn’t travel through the air. It comes from everywhere at once. From the floorboards, from the ceiling, from the very bones of the building and the fillings in our teeth. It is a slow, deep, impossibly vast sound. A bass rumble that resonates on a scale I can’t comprehend. It’s the sound of continents shifting, of glaciers cracking, of a throat the size of a galaxy clearing itself.

It is a slow, colossal, cosmic yawn that shakes our entire world.

The glass in the windowpane buzzes against my fingertips. The artist just looked at me, his face pale, and whispered, "I think it's waking up."
Title: The Door to Hell is Open [Final]

[Part 1](

"What the fuck is this?" Ryan finally said, as we were still recovering from shock.

Ash.

Everywhere.

The grass formerly surrounding the asylum— towering behind us now— was gone. Not a single blade to be seen, just dirt and weathered rock. No life anywhere. Bare trees, stripped of leaves and most of their branches, revealed vague shapes of city buildings in the distance.

There was a small dusting of ash on every surface we could see from our vantage point. The ground was covered in apocalyptic snow. Trace amounts of it drifted in the air under a gray, dusty sky. The sun was obscured and barely filtered through the murky haze.

"The author was right," I said. "This has to be Hell." I was convinced now. It couldn't be anything else.

"Everything is gone," George remarked, examining a pitiful, crooked stick poking up from the ground that may have once been a tree. "I agree. I think it might actually be Hell. The literal Hell."

Ryan was kneeling down, letting ash from the ground spill through his fingers, as he asked, "We were just in the asylum... how could there possibly be a door to Hell here?" He looked around. "It's like the apocalypse happened while we were inside."

Megan was still taking pictures; collecting proof of our impossible situation. "Everything is weathered and scoured by time," she said. "There's no way this could have happened while we were inside."

Jack had been silent, but now he spoke up. "This isn't that bad," he said.

We all looked at him, incredulously, and Megan stopped taking pictures. "How are you making jokes right now?" she asked. "I thought you were terrified that the door led to somewhere like this?"

"First off," he said, raising a finger, "I wasn't 'terrified'. Mildly anxious, perhaps, due to the perfectly normal fear of demons." He waved his hand to the side. "Secondly, I was serious."

Jack started pacing around. "This is really not that bad," he said again.

I gestured in the general direction of everything. "How is this not bad?" I asked. "We're literally in Hell. Have you lost your mind? Did this break your 'fragile' brain?"

Jack stopped pacing and faced us. "I don't know why all of you keep calling this Hell," he said. "We're obviously somewhere awful, but it's not necessarily Hell."

He raised his hand to stop us from responding and said, "When I think of Hell, I think of a few things." He started listing them off on his fingers. "Demons. Pits of fire. Brimstone. Screaming souls of the damned. My office."

Jack lowered his hands and looked out across the lifeless landscape, letting out a long breath through his mask. "None of those things are here—aside from my office, maybe, which would probably be destroyed."

He paused for a second in thought. "That would make this Heaven, actually."

He shook his head. "Either way, there seems to be nothing immediately dangerous here—aside from lung cancer. We've been out here for a few minutes without dying, the air is breathable through our masks, and we can leave whenever we want," Jack finished, gesturing to the open black door behind us.

We stopped for a moment to consider his words. Most of what he was saying made sense, and I didn't feel like there were any apparent threats to my life as I looked around. Still, I wasn't about to stay here any longer than necessary.

"Everyone step back," Megan said, as she backed away. "Jack just said something intelligent. He's already been possessed by the demon, it can't be him."

Before they could bicker again, George said, "Regardless of whether we call this place Hell or not, I think we should leave. Immediately." He turned to the door, ready to go back.

I was about to agree and go with him, like any reasonable person would, when Ryan interrupted me.

"Wait," Ryan said, standing up and wiping ash from his gloves. "We should think about this for a second before we go."

"Think about what?" I asked, exasperated. I leaned against the asylum wall, near the door. "Why would we stay here?"

"What will we do when we leave?" Ryan asked. "When we go back home and get all this ash off of ourselves?"

"Sleep," Jack said immediately. "In my bed and under a copious amount of blankets, to be specific."

"The answer," Ryan continued, ignoring Jack, "is that we are going to tell someone about this."

"What's wrong with that?" Megan asked, crossing her arms. "I have plenty of photos to prove we were here."

"It's not a matter of making people believe," Ryan replied. "Once someone looks into this, it will inevitably, and most likely very quickly, go all the way up to the government."

Ryan spread his hands. "We will never see this place again," he said. "We will never have another chance to see what this place has to offer."

Jack nodded. "He's right," he said. "The second the military gets their grubby fingers on this place, no one will ever know the black door exists aside from them." He shrugged. "I wouldn't be surprised if they turned this entire place into bombs, somehow."

"What if we don't tell anyone?" Megan asked Ryan. "Keep it a secret?"

Ryan shrugged. "We already removed the hatch," he replied, "so it's just a matter of time until someone else finds the door, even if we try to hide it."

George slumped down next to me. "Okay, and what exactly do you want to find here?" he asked, as he rested his head against the wall. "Is there a specific variety of ash you're hoping to see?"

"I just want to explore some of this," Ryan said, pointing through the barren trees toward the city. "Can you imagine how many abandoned and untouched buildings might be over there? What's inside them? Isn't this what we live for?"

I wanted to rub my eyes through my goggles, because all of this was giving me a headache. I couldn't believe that I was actually being convinced to stay and explore Hell. Jack might have the right idea about sleeping after getting home.

Everyone flinched when I suddenly pushed off the wall. "Okay," I said, rolling my shoulders. "No more stalling. Let's just go and get this over with instead of talking about it all day."

After a few moments to shake off some of the omnipresent ash—George's boots had almost been overflowing with it somehow—all of us got ready for a brief reconnaissance of Hell.

Soon, Megan was squinting at something in the distance. "I can't tell if our cars are still parked over there," she said, pointing. "Let's head that way first and check for them."

Hiking to the entrance of the asylum and down the path to the road was a bit easier without the grass hiding the rocky edges and holes in the ground. I thanked Hell for this one.

It took about ten minutes to make it all the way back, since we had been pretty far into the west wing before we came out the black door. The road was revealed to us near the end of our trek back.

"Well," I said, as we crested the last small hill, "we aren't driving."

All of our cars were there. Unfortunately, they were utterly destroyed.

Each car was rusted to almost nothing, the tires were gone, only a few pieces of broken glass remained in the windows, and the interiors were unrecognizable.

As I irrationally mourned my car, knowing that my real one was probably fine, the others were mostly doing the same.

"Hey," Jack said, nearby. "My car is gone." We went over to check.

Sure enough, there was an empty space where Jack had parked this morning. No tire tracks either, which was admittedly not surprising given that everything here seemed to be ancient.

Jack raised a fist. "The demon has gone too far this time," he said, in mock rage. "He can't get away with this."

"What is it with you and demons?" I asked, still baffled by how casually he accepted this place. "Are you trying to summon one?"

"I wanted nothing to do with demons," he replied, looking to the horizon and sighing with regret, "but they continue to force my hand."

I faced Ryan, who was still pondering Jack's missing car. "So what now?" I asked him, humoring his spirit of adventure, even in Hell.

"Let's walk the couple miles or so to the city," Ryan said, gesturing down the road. "We drove past some newer—or *were* newer—suburbs on the way to the asylum this morning. It's not far."

George was peering up at the asylum behind us. "Hey, speaking of the asylum," he said, "it looks exactly the same as it did before." We turned to look.

It was the same dilapidated edifice that we had entered only a couple hours prior. It now had a small coating of ash covering the exterior walls, but aside from that it was unchanged. Everything else in the world seemed to have changed to match it, instead.

Megan spoke my thoughts. "It fits in with this place more than we do," she said, taking a picture. "The apocalyptic tables have flipped."

Jack looked over at her, unimpressed. "Don't hurt yourself," he said, as he was kicking over rocks for some reason. "Maybe leave the shitty jokes to the professionals."

"I'll let you know if I find one," Megan shot back, not turning around.

It wasn't long after that before we started down the road towards the city.

An unnatural silence descended as we walked, aside from a faint breeze that carried nothing but dust and ash. No audible—or visible—indication of animals, insects, or people anywhere. I had heard the background buzzing of the city for so long that it was bothering me to not hear it any longer, especially as we were so close to what was previously a bustling metropolis.

Jack, unable to bear the silence—or perhaps not hearing his own voice for so long—broke it.

"Guys," he said, while holding up the ash-sprinkled screen of his phone, "I just checked, and we have no bars out here."

"Thank you for this critical piece of information," Megan said, as she took a picture of some scraggly remnants of trees off the side of the road, "I'm not sure what we'd do without you."

"Hey, to be fair," Ryan pointed out, "Jack is the only reason we found this place. We wouldn't be walking here right now if he hadn't found the hollow space behind that brick."

"To Jack," I said, holding an imaginary mug as I walked, "the man who sent us all to Hell."

Everyone "clinked" me, including Jack.

Silence pressed in again, and the unending desolation quickly killed the good mood. A dead world constantly revealed itself to us as we pushed through the ominous haze that covered everything. Jack didn't make any more jokes.

Ash accompanied and clung to us as we kept going, until the indistinct shapes of houses and some of the city buildings behind them, partially obscured by the gray smog, started to grow clear.

What we could see was simply apocalyptic. Houses were falling apart in disrepair and the cracked street was littered with unidentifiable, ash-covered debris. The few visible vehicles, "parked" in driveways, were just as destroyed as ours had been. Not a living soul in sight.

Unfortunately, it became obvious that we would not be entering any of these houses. Some had already collapsed, and the ones still standing were mostly tilting at angles or caving in; a single breath could topple them.

"Wow," Ryan said as we approached, "it's actually worse than I thought." He crossed his arms, frustrated.

"There's no way we're exploring these houses," George agreed. "You sure you want to keep going?"

Most of us were starting to regret our decision to come this far. The oppressive atmosphere was getting overwhelming, and even Jack seemed uneasy. Every new sight that presented itself to us screamed 'Hell'. Any excuse to go back would have been welcome, now.

Ryan was pacing around now, and I could tell his desire to explore was warring with his desire to leave.

Finally, Ryan pointed to the street running down the neighborhood, which became blocked from view by houses as it curved away, and said, "If we follow this street, after maybe five to ten minutes we'll hit a huge, six-lane arterial road that will give us a straight shot to the city center."

He quickly held his hands up and said, "I'm not saying we go all the way downtown—that would take too long, and I want to leave as much as you—but we can at least get a good view of some other buildings nearby." He pointed to Megan. "And Megan will get an excellent view of the skyscrapers."

Muted agreement as we reluctantly decided to make one last detour, although Megan seemed somewhat excited to take what might possibly be her best photos of Hell.

Ryan, Megan, and George were keeping their voices down as they talked about something, and Jack was walking ahead of everyone, alone. I increased my pace until I fell in next to him.

"Hey, you alright?" I asked quietly, almost whispering so that the others wouldn't hear. "This place getting to you, too?"

Jack looked tense as he turned to me. "You know that feeling of excitement you get when you go into an abandoned building for the first time?" he asked. "That fun little feeling of being creeped out in a spooky place?"

"Sure," I replied. We've been to plenty of abandoned places in the past, and that feeling was a big part of why we kept coming back for more.

"Have you ever considered that the reason those creepy vibes are fun is because you can end it by stepping outside?" Jack asked.

He looked me in the eyes. "But what if the creepy vibe doesn't go away when you leave?" he asked. "What if everything was abandoned? What if the entire world was abandoned?"

Looking away, Jack continued, "The creepy vibe stops being fun. It becomes real." He pointed at the desiccated husk of what was once a car. "It starts becoming fear. It begins choking you, bit by bit."

I agreed with him. Coming here was a bad idea. "We're getting out of here right after we reach the main road," I said. "If Ryan wants to go farther when we get there, we can just go back ourselves. We'll wait on the other side of the door for him."

He nodded and we walked in silence for a moment.

"I'm starting to think I was wrong," Jack said, after collecting his thoughts. "This could be Hell. I didn't expect—"

George appeared next to us and cut our conversation short. "Guys," he said, pointing, "do you see that?"

Ryan and Megan caught up to us as we looked down the street, which had stopped curving. We could now see much farther ahead.

I squinted. "I see the intersection," I said, while focusing, "something is there, on the ground."

Megan raised the viewfinder of her camera to her eye. "Let me check, I can zoom in." A pause. "There's a woman, kneeling on the ground."

She passed around her camera so we could all see.

A twenty-something-year-old woman knelt in the intersection, facing left toward the city center, with her hands raised up and cupping her cheeks. Surprisingly, she otherwise looked completely normal with her long black hair, fresh clothes, and red nail polish.

"What the hell is she doing there?" Jack asked. "Is she okay? Did someone else find a door like ours?" He started moving with purpose in the direction of the kneeling woman.

George and I followed Jack's brisk pace, as Megan and Ryan took up the rear.

"Why is she kneeling?" George asked, breathing harder as he kept up.

I was thinking the same thing. "It's weird," I said, as we drew closer. "She looks like she's praying or something."

Jack had a decent lead on us as we neared the kneeling woman. Most of her face was covered with her hands, so we couldn't tell if she noticed our approach.

"Hey!" Jack called out as he got close. "Lady! You okay?" He walked around in front of the woman. "We saw you—"

Jack suddenly screamed, turned around so fast he almost tripped, and sprinted.

George and I were taken by surprise as he almost ran into us.

"What's wrong?" I asked, adrenaline starting to flood through me. I whipped my head to the woman and back at Jack. "What the fuck happened? Jack?"

Jack was leaning forward against a stone wall surrounding a backyard, breathing heavily and pointing to the kneeling woman. "She... she...," he managed to get out before ripping his mask off and puking onto the ash-covered sidewalk.

Ryan and Megan caught up to help Jack as George and I went closer to the kneeling woman. We wanted to see what was wrong with her.

I came at her from the side and started to circle around so I could see her face. I steeled myself after seeing Jack's reaction.

This close, I noticed that her eyes were bulging—opened as far as physically possible—and her pupils were huge. Drugs? The red polish on her nails was running down her fingers—

Her face came into view.

It wasn't nail polish. It was blood.

*She was slowly ripping her own face off with her fingers.*

Her mouth was open in a frozen scream as her fingers dragged down on her shredded face.

"FUCK!" I yelled as I jumped back in shock. I was not prepared for this, despite seeing Jack's reaction.

Heart thundering, body shaking, and not thinking properly, I started to make the worst mistake of my life.

I instinctively turned to see what she was looking at.

Time slowed down and stretched into an immortal moment as my eyes tracked left, toward the city center:

---

Woman, ripping her face off...

Intersection...

Sidewalk...

Light pole...

Corner of building...

*Getting closer.*

An empty door frame...

Sidewalk...

*Closer.*

People, kneeling in front of me...

I was facing the city center.

*Almost there. Look up.*

More people. Dozens, hundreds, maybe thousands. Kneeling...

*Just a little more.*

A broken pane of glass.

---

I was saved from a fate worse than death by a reflection.

A reflection of the most terrifying thing I've ever seen in my entire life.

Horror instantly seized my mind with a titanic grip and squeezed. I couldn't even scream, my breath was trapped in my lungs. My eyes widened and my face went slack.

As I write this now, it hurts my head to remember. A throbbing pain pulses behind my eyes. Its memory slides across my thoughts like thick oil; a vile and corrupting sludge. Anathema to human comprehension. To sentient recollection.

It defies a rational description. I can only recall a few things with any certainty. The rest is forgotten—or perhaps unconsciously repressed to preserve my wavering sanity.

Tendrils, an uncountable number of them. They had a texture and color I had never seen before. An amalgamation of the bizarre and the unnatural.

A massive, gargantuan body. It had to be the largest living thing witnessed by human eyes. Its shape shifted constantly in a patternless rhythm. Parts of it disappeared one moment only to reappear the next.

Only one aspect of this impossible being drew my eyes, however. With an irresistible magnetism; a lightning rod capturing me in totality, I saw.

In the center of it was a pitch black, unfathomable abyss. A cosmic void. An all-encompassing embodiment of Nothing; leaving only ash upon reality in its wake.

A gaping maw of Hell.

I know now that if I had looked directly at that hideous darkness, I would have irrevocably lost my mind. Been reduced to a broken shell. A cursed existence, chained and subjugated by total fear.

Its reflection was overwhelming me.

My knees grew weak.

My fingers started to curl; to rise toward my face.

*NO.*

With a desperate rejection of a doomed fate, using every ounce of my willpower, I managed to violently wrench my eyes away.

My thoughts my own once again, I immediately remembered my friends. I needed to warn them; to stop them from looking.

*George.*

"DON'T FUCKING LOOK!" I screamed frantically, even as I turned to him.

I faced George.

It was too late.

He had looked.

His eyes were wide and glassy. His mouth open in a last attempt to scream. He had already torn his mask off, and his hands were rising again to his face.

I tackled him, pulling him towards the others, behind the corner and out of view of the city center.

"GEORGE!" Megan screamed as she ran and dropped to her knees beside her fallen boyfriend. Her camera clattered to the ground.

"What the fuck is happening? What is it?" Ryan asked me, looking terrified at my expression.

Jack fell down next to George, looking into his eyes and trying to grab his arms, which were still trying to reach his face. "What's wrong with him? George! Get up!" Jack yelled.

"DON'T FUCKING LOOK!" I screamed at them. "DON'T LOOK! GET AWAY FROM IT! WE NEED TO RUN! DON'T LOOK!" I was still delirious with fear. I couldn't think. My body was shaking uncontrollably.

"WHAT HAPPENED TO GEORGE?!" Megan screamed, tears starting to fill her goggles as she shook George, trying to get him to react. "GEORGE, SNAP OUT OF IT!" She sobbed as she took his face into her hands. "GEORGE, WAKE UP! LOOK AT ME! PLEASE!" She slapped him.

I looked at George, who was seemingly in a waking coma, still trying to slowly reach for his face. I looked down at my hands, trying to calm down. I was shaking so hard; breathing so fast. My vision was blurry.

"Fuck." I got out. "Fuck. Fuck." I was almost in control.

Ryan grabbed my shoulders and shook me viciously. "WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED?" he screamed, trying to get me to acknowledge him. "Why is George like this?!"

I was silent a moment longer and was about to reply.

"What's that noise?" Jack said suddenly, letting go of George as he looked back at the kneeling woman. "Do you hear that?"

Whispers.

Overlapping, nonsensical whispers that had been almost unnoticeable a moment before, but were audible now and slowly increasing in volume.

"We have to go," I said, my control starting to slip again as I heard the whispering. "Back to the door. We have to fucking go, NOW!" I yelled as I stood up.

"We can't leave George!" Megan sobbed as she shook him. "We have to help him!"

"Get him up!" Ryan said, but I had already grabbed George and was lifting him with my adrenaline-fuelled strength.

"Don't look behind us," I grunted, as I began to drag George. "Whatever you do, don't look."

Megan grabbed George's other side and all of us started going as fast as we could back down the street.

"Don't look," I said as I stepped and stepped, over and over. "Don't look."

George was completely limp and his arms were still trying to contract toward his face as we held him.

"Why is he reaching for his face?" Ryan begged, scared.

"Don't look," I said.

Jack had been pale this whole time. "We have to leave," he said. "We have to fucking leave. This was a fucking mistake."

The whispering was getting louder.

"What is that whispering?" Ryan whimpered. He was completely freaking out now. "Why do I hear whispers?"

"We're moving too slow," Jack said, his voice pitched higher. "Come on. COME ON!" He was bouncing on his feet next to me.

They tried to help. To take over for one of us. But Megan and I couldn't stop. I couldn't let go.

"Don't look," I said again. I was repeating it like a mantra now. It was centering me, helping me stay sane. I just had to keep taking new steps. To repeat my warning. "Don't look. Don't look. Don't look." I completely ignored Jack and Ryan.

Megan was in shock, sobbing as we dragged George. "Why?" she asked. "Why? Why? Please, George, wake up. Please. Why?"

Hysteria was taking over as the whispers behind us grew to be as loud as our words.

Jack suddenly lost his nerve.

"WE'LL MEET YOU THERE!" he screamed, running away.

I couldn't react. "Don't look," I said.

Seeing Jack run, Ryan hesitated for a brief moment, the insanity closing in around him.

"Don't look," I told Ryan.

He surrendered to fear, and ran without a word.

Megan was still in a trance with me. "Why?" she asked, looking at nothing as we dragged George on and on. "What did he see? Why?"

The whispers were a cacophony of madness in our ears. It was almost the end.

"What did he see?" she asked again, turning to look at me. Her eyes were glazed over.

A wave of fresh horror washed over me as I snapped out of my delirium. I instinctively knew what she was about to do.

"DON'T FUCKING LOOK!" I screamed, desperately.

But she turned her head anyway. Lost her reason. Blinded by incipient grief, perhaps. Pressed on all sides by the sudden chaos of our situation. She had to see what did this to her boyfriend.

George and I fell to the ground as Megan let go. I couldn't bear his weight alone; my adrenaline was no longer giving me enough strength.

I didn't look to see why she dropped him.

Terror had taken over.

I screamed, and ran without turning back.

I ran.

I thought of Megan. Of George.

I ran.

I wept, tears filled my goggles; turning to ash as they spilled down my face.

I ran.

My blood turned to acid. My lungs were bellows almost bursting from exertion. My legs grew numb with pain.

Whispers chased me. They wanted me to listen.

I kept screaming between sobs. I screamed until I couldn't physically scream any longer.

I tasted blood as I sprinted the entire way back.

As I neared the asylum, I made a beeline through dead trees for the west wing; avoiding the treacherous path to the entrance.

Soon, I could spot the door in the distance. Its gleaming black metal was stark against the drab exterior wall of the asylum.

It was still open. Jack and Ryan had left it open for us. *For me, now.*

A final burst of adrenaline propelled me as I struggled to close the distance. It was my only hope of escaping the whispers of whatever was behind me.

The whispers abruptly came louder, nearly causing me to trip, as I lunged for the door.

I almost didn't make it.

I grabbed the bone-white handle with one hand as I flew through the door. I slammed it shut behind me so hard it felt like my arm tore off.

But it didn't shut.

I pulled frantically, trying to keep the whispers out. They were practically screams now. Only slightly dampened by the door. A soul-shaking susurration of the damned.

*Why won't it close? WHY WON'T IT CLOSE?*

Panic became desperation as I tried to find the reason it was stuck.

I looked up.

*A tendril was wrapping around the top corner of the door.*

I fled without hesitation—practically falling down the stairs—and abandoned any further attempts to close the door.

Bolting out of the hatch on the other side and jumping across the ash room, my voice was hoarse as I screamed.

"JACK!" I tore off my tear-filled goggles and ash-caked mask, throwing them as I ran.

A rattling breath. "RYAN!" I tossed my battered gloves.

The interior of the asylum was filled with vague shapes outlined in sinister shadows as I ran for my life, bouncing off walls and stumbling over ancient debris.

My mind was rejecting what was happening. It couldn't have been real. It was just a nightmare I would wake up from. Megan and George were fine. There were no whispers.

I cut across the reception hall to the exit and burst out into blinding sunlight.

Not caring about my safety, I ran down the perilous path towards our cars, leaving the asylum behind.

"JACK!" I shouted, painfully. It was hard to breathe. "RYAN!"

I could see Jack's car beginning to drive away.

"WAIT!" I screamed, not wanting to be left alone. Alone with the whispers. "STOP! PLEASE!" I waved my hands frantically as I made it down to the road.

He must have seen me, because he slowed down his car long enough for me to catch up.

I flung open one of the rear passenger doors and collapsed inside after I closed it behind me. Jack was driving and Ryan was in the front passenger seat. They both leaned over to look at me.

"Where's Megan?" Jack asked as I was trying to breathe. "George?"

"Drive!" I tried to shout. I started coughing, ash filled the air as my body shuddered. "It... followed... me!" Wracking coughs. "Door... still... open!"

Both of them went pale and Jack slammed the gas pedal to the floor.

The whispers faded.

---

We're running.

After a brief stop at Jack's house and the fastest shower of my life—the car left idling—we drove to the airport.

We considered telling the police, or even the military. This city needs to be evacuated. Our self-preservation won out, however. Being held for questioning is not going to happen. We're getting out of here as fast as possible.

Grief and guilt have caught up to us as we sit in a terminal, waiting for our flight. After I told Jack and Ryan everything, they were shell-shocked, and now the reality is setting in for all of us. We've been crying off and on for the last hour; the tears falling as fast as they enter our eyes.

We sent a few texts to Megan and George in case they made it out somehow, telling them we're leaving the city. Maybe they broke free when that... thing followed me? Or are they kneeling right now, with nails running down their faces? They haven't responded to our messages.

What have we done? What have we let loose on the world?

There are only two things we know for sure:

The door to Hell is open.

And the whispers are back.
Title: I own a small bed and breakfast in rural Maine. I hope you’re never a guest. [Part 1]

Click here to find all chapters., and a blazer. I stepped out to the foyer and stood just behind the door, waiting for the knock I knew was coming.

She sat in her car for at least ten minutes, maybe fifteen. Then she knocked. Tentative, and just twice, like she wasn’t sure she wanted to be heard. Like she wasn’t sure that The Cottage was where she was meant to be.

I opened the heavy wooden door to greet her, a practiced professional smile on my face. “Welcome to The Cottage, Miss. Please, come in.”

She was young, maybe twenty five, with disheveled blonde hair and blue eyes accessorised by matching bags underneath. The clothes that hung off her too-thin frame were worn but not filthy, and all she carried with her was a small canvas backpack.

I stepped behind my front desk and watched as she followed me - timid, slow, tired. No, not tired - exhausted, and not just from lack of sleep.

The young woman passed me her ID and credit card without a verbal request, clearly familiar with the routine of roadside motels. Anastasia, born in 2001. She looked younger in the picture on her New York drivers license. Happier.

“It’s fifty per night, tax included. If you choose to stay tomorrow we just repeat this. I don’t hold for incidentals.” Anastasia’s eyes flicked around the room, a bit of disbelief flashing, but she just nodded.

“Fine.” She signed the screen I flipped to her without another word. I grabbed an old iron key from the top drawer of the desk and paused, watching my guest watch me.

“Breakfast is at 8am.” Anastasia nodded absently, already planning not to be there. “Your favorite will be ready. It’s just me here for staff, and just you as a guest. You are my sole focus.”

I paused, scanning her face. She still wasn’t truly listening to me. I wondered where her mind was, what she had driven so far from. “Something brought you to The Cottage, something terrible and dark that you won’t talk about. Maybe something that you won’t even think about.” She had frozen and was avoiding my gaze, the gaze that was still studying her. Still wearing that professional smile. “You need to talk about it. At breakfast. At 8am.”

Anastasia looked at the door, clearly questioning if she should leave. I waited, patient. She wouldn’t leave. Nobody ever did. “Where is my room?”

It was a question, but it wasn’t. Her voice was flat, which surprised me - many of my guests showed fear, or at least uncertainty. Not Anastasia. “Up the stairs, first door on the right.” I dropped the heavy key in her hand, I watched her inspect it. “I’ll see you in the morning.”

She trudged up the stairs, burdened by luggage I couldn’t see, that nobody could see, and disappeared from my sight. I sighed and returned to my own room and settled into my bedtime ritual.

I braided my hair loosely and brushed my teeth and watched my tired face in the mirror. Five years of this - of guests in pain, of that conversation maybe once a week with people who could barely handle any distress at all. Five years of breakfasts, of hearing stories of loss and addiction and suffering and trauma, of letting people walk out my door with the same weight as before but carried differently.

I dreamed of chocolate chip waffles and fresh blueberries. I dreamed of a little girl with clean blonde hair and blue eyes and no trace of pain on her face running around in a fenced in backyard. I dreamed of her as a teenager, those same blue eyes still bright and free of pain. I watched those eyes walk into the house with that fenced in backyard and I watched them darken in horror and pain. I dreamed of blood, of a grisly crime scene, of losing two parents in one day, of grief no child should carry.

I dreamed of drugs. Marijuana, then pain pills, then IV heroin. I dreamed of alcohol. I dreamed of sex work in dark alleys and dingy hotel rooms. I dreamed of clawing for survival.

I dreamed of two pink lines. I dreamed of withdrawal, of pain suffered with determination and determination alone. I dreamed of hope.

I dreamed of miscarriage. I dreamed of a drive from New York City up highways north, trying to find any shred of that hope again. I dreamed of trying to find any reason not to return to the peace of being high.

I woke up to my alarm at 6:00 exactly with a calm heart rate and a new knowledge of the guest who was tossing and turning upstairs. It had been five years of dreaming of my guests and their lives and what led them to my door. It had been five years of knowing exactly what to do.

I got to cooking an hour later after journaling my dream alongside my morning cup of coffee. I made the chocolate chip waffles and washed the fresh blueberries. I set the table and I waited for Anastasia to appear.

“Good morning.” Her voice was cautious, but she spoke, and I saw those blue eyes looking at her favorite meal in front of her. “How did-“

“Don’t worry about it,” I responded, standing to pull her chair out. “Sit, eat, and then we will talk.”

She devoured her meal as if she hadn’t eaten properly in days - because she hadn’t eaten properly in days. I ate as well, and watched. When she needed a refill on her coffee or a replacement for eaten food, I gave it without question. She needed to fill her belly for the strength to bare her soul.

Finally, she spoke. “I was seventeen when my father killed my mother and then himself. It changed everything. I was going to be a doctor - it was what I’d wanted since I was small. I wanted to help people and save people.” Her eyes wandered, staring out the windows to the garden but seeing nothing. “I found them. I had to manage everything. No family member could take me and keep me at my school, or nobody was willing. I dropped out. I moved from upstate to the city. I… I started using drugs. I just wanted to sleep without seeing that picture every time I closed my eyes, and it worked. But it’s hard to keep a job when you’re high all the time. And to stay high all the time, you need more and more money. I did what I had to.”

“Sex work,” I filled the gap softly, before allowing her to speak again. I did not comment on her tears. I did not speak on the way her hand shook holding the coffee mug I gave her. I did not mention the whiteness of her knuckles.

“What I had to do. It was years. Years and years. I’ve been arrested more times than I can count. Solicitation, possession, public intoxication, anything you could imagine a loser being charged with I was arrested for. I did a bit of jail time, in and out. I went right back to the work every time. And then, couple months ago, I find out I’m pregnant.”

Her eyes closed and her now-empty mug dropped to the table with a dull thud. “I cleaned up. I was terrified, but I had always wanted to be a mom. I didn’t want to bring a baby into the world on drugs. I wanted to figure it out. I detoxed on my own, and it was miserable. I wanted to use and I wanted to die every second of it and then for a while after.” Anastasia’s fingers twitched and her mouth curled into a wry smile. She laughed, but it was dry. Pain filled. “I lost it. Fourteen weeks along and I wake up in a puddle of blood and cramping like you wouldn’t believe. The first thing I thought of was using again, but I had gone through so much trouble to clean up. But it’s been a few weeks, and I want to get high so badly. I tried driving away from the urge. Thought maybe if I left the memories and the pain I’d leave the need, too. But none of it left. And a quick fix might cost less than filling up my tank next…”

She trailed off. The food was gone, but I refilled her coffee cup. I waited. Anastasia was finally done talking - for now.

“The Cottage is a crossroads,” I told her, my voice level and gentle. “You didn’t end up here by accident. When you walk out this door, you will have made a decision. I will know what it is, even if you don’t yet.” I smiled, trying to be reassuring. “You can stay longer. You can keep talking to me. You can keep eating your favorite meals. You can process whatever weighs on you within the safety of my walls for fifty bucks a night.”

Anastasia gulped from the coffee mug and tracked me as I sat back down across from her. “You can leave. You will leave, eventually, no matter what you choose. What happens after you leave is what you must decide.”

I trailed off, hoping she’d understand. I couldn’t explain it to her, it was part of the guidelines. Part of the magic - gift or curse - that made The Cottage what it was. I could try to speak what would happen, exactly what the choice was - but it would die in my throat, it would never make it off my tongue. If I tried to type it or write it, it would be as if I never put it to paper at all.

“I want to leave,” Anastasia decided, what felt like hours after I’d given her my speech. I assessed her from head to toe, taking in her posture, noting the lack of a tremble in her hands and the clarity in her eyes.

I knew what would happen after she drove away. I believe she knew it too.

I would never see Anastasia again. She was resigned to a better future - and a harder one, in some ways - that would never lead her back to The Cottage.

That same night she left, I cleaned the room she had slept in just once. I dreamed of an old woman with bright blue eyes, silver hair, and a smile that was framed by wrinkles formed after years of laughter. She watched children play in a new, fenced in backyard with a swingset and a picnic table and love like sunlight spilling out through the cracks in the wooden boards to the properties beyond.

——

It’s important that you understand that I don’t help my guests in any way that could be explained by common science. The curse of this home is the knowledge, and the gift is the light of love that can sometimes burn away shadows with a well-cooked meal. I don’t wave a magic wand or speak an ancient incantation. I just do what needs to be done.

Anastasia S. from New York State was a normal girl with a tragic background and a bright future. Not all of my guests are so normal. Not all of my guests are so lucky.

I’ll share their stories another time.
Title: My nephew reappeared after over a decade.

As I write this, I'm nursing a glass of whiskey on my back porch. I don't know how to describe what I'm feeling right now. 

It's been eleven years since he disappeared. That kid has been my whole world since the day he was born. His mother hasn't been in his life since he was a baby, it's a long and frankly traumatic story so I won't tell it here. But to condense it, she's an addict and only god knows where, so I've been Ozzies legal guardian since he was 2. 

October 31st 2014. 

Ozzie told me he was going out with his friends for the night. I remember it so vividly, his face, with brown freckles like his mother, the mole on his neck that I have too. I've played that day in my mind a thousand times, every detail in fucking technicolor again and again just to have something to hold onto. His mop of curly dark hair, the red hockey jersey he was wearing, his jeans, his mother's ring he wore on a chain around his neck. All of it. 

I didn't know at the time, but him and his friends had actually planned to explore, party, and spend the night in the old abandoned house a few kilometres from town. That house always gave me the creeps, even after years of being a sheriff and having my fair share of unexplained experiences...it just makes my skin crawl. Even more so now...after all this. 

That damn house has a sorted history. In the 30s, the man who owned it threw a dinner party/family gathering. He then proceeded to chain the doors shut from the outside, climb back in through a window and slaughter everyone inside. People have told stories about it being haunted since I was a child back in the 70s, it's become a local legend. 

People took to calling it 'The Redfinch Manor' and it's been a long standing dare among teens to stay in there overnight. Most don't make it past midnight before they call it quits and hoof it back up the old road back to town. I can't even tell you how many times I've had to drive tipsy teenagers back home in my black and white off that road at absolutely ungodly hours. 

Ozzie grabbed his stuff and left around 7pm. I wished I had listened to the pit in my guts and grabbed him by the arm, and told him no. 

I was the one to report him missing around 4am when he hadn't come home. I didn't sleep that night despite having work at 6 in the damn morning. Maybe it was intuition, maybe it was god warning me or whatever the fuck is in that house calling out to me that it had taken my little boy. I was sitting on my couch, my phone in my lap with my thumb hovering over the button. 

I didn't call 9-1-1, I called my boss, Frank. he would've gotten there faster anyways. 

The line rung a few times before his groggy voice answered. 

"Jesus, Joey...this better be good. It's four fucking AM." 

I felt sick, like at a moments notice I was going to hurl onto the hardwood floors of my living room. 

"Frank get over here, please. It's an emergency...Ozzie- Fuck...Frank the kids gone." I said, my voice shaking more than I had ever heard it. It felt like my entire world was already crashing down even though a logical person would've been able to rationalize, come up with explanations. But for some reason I just knew. I knew. 

Frank didn't say much else, and he was in my kitchen with me in less than five minutes. I vaguely remember crying...at that time I hadn't cried in probably years, at least not like that. I was in fucking hysterics, pacing in my kitchen insisting that something terrible happened. 

We searched for hours, trekking through the woods, knocking on doors, looking everywhere. 

Something pulled me to that god forsaken house. Some otherworldly tether drew me there that night. Myself, a few deputies, Frank, and over a dozen volunteers walked the two or so clicks down the dirt road. The sky was turning from the dark black of night to a deep blue as daybreak approached. The manor came into view and I had this horrible, soul crushing dread. 

19 people swept that house with flashlights, and we didn't find a trace of the kids who went missing that night.

Those five kids got headstones a few years back. 

For three years I practically drowned myself in whiskey. I lost myself in grief. I had constant nightmares, dreams about all the horrible possibilities of what could've happened to my nephew. I'm better now, but I can't say I had healed. Ozzie was my only family at the time, though I've since gotten married. 

His grandfather and grandmother passed in 1991 and 2008 respectively. My sister has been way off the deep end and not in speaking terms with me since 2000 when I took custody of Ozzie. 

Fast forward to a week ago. 

December 7th, 2025. 

I'm still working as a sheriff, and admittedly still mourning on some level. I hadn't thought I'd ever fully get past losing him. 

I was on duty, sitting in my patrol car eating cheap fried fast food when my radio crackled to life. 

"10-32, this is Deputy Ross I need another unit at 762 County Road 144...and call forensics...." The abandoned house. That same abandoned house that the less rational part of my brain insisted had stolen Ozzie. 

I pressed the button and spoke. "10-04 this is Sheriff McKinney, ETA three minutes." I flicked on my lights and sirens and peeled out of that parking lot like a bat out of hell. 

They say death has a smell, something specific that can't be replicated and I can assure you that's very true. Like rotting meat sprayed with a sickly sweet perfume. It was faint, but I could still smell it despite the fact the freezing cold had practically frozen the body lying in the snow solid

I didn't need to look long to know the body belonged to one of those missing kids. 

I'll say that again...we found a body. A dead *body* not bones. 

After eleven. Fucking. Years. A body. 

How the hell wasn't this kid just scattered bones we would dig up after the spring thaw? And what the hell happened to him? Because he was cut up pretty bad. I'll save you the gory details...but it was bad. Really bad. Coroner said he'd been dead less a few days. December 2nd, she told me. Stabbed to death, poor kid bled out right there in the snowbank. 

That's crazy enough, finding someone freshly dead after over a decade...but the part that left us with even more questions was...

Why the hell did he still look 17? He should've been 28 so why the fuck did he still look the exact same as the missing persons posters we plastered all over the city a few clicks away? Christ he looked exactly like he did in the senior photos I helped his mom take. 

This was fucked. This was so fucked up. 

Did some sick bastard...preserve him? Keep him alive for 11 years and he just aged insanely well? What was this...?

I didn't sleep that night either. My wife Winona sat up with me. I had too many questions to relax enough to sleep. 

I was jittery, on edge. 

December 14th 2025

Tonight Winona was at her sister's house and I was alone. The place feels empty without her, almost eerie, like some strange isolationist dream where I was the only man left alive. 

Then, something changed. I felt that same feeling I did the night Ozzie disappeared, except in reverse. I can't describe it any other way, it was like I just had this sudden lump in my throat and I just...I don't know. Whatever the opposite of dread is. Like when you remember something you'd forgotten years ago, and the memory comes rushing back and suddenly everything makes sense and everything is right again. Don't get me wrong, it still freaked me out. 

But, I suppose the lord wasn't done with me because I thought I was having a stoke when I heard something I hadn't heard in over ten years echo from my back yard. 

"...hello? Uncle Joey?"

I didn't even think. Not a single thought went through my head as I jumped off my couch, across my kitchen and crashed out my back door still in my gym shorts and tank top despite the freezing temperature. 

There...in the foot deep snow...was my boy. There was Ozzie, still in the same clothes, slowly cutting through the shining powder snow. It felt like time stopped. His jersey was ripped, he was covered in blood and I'm still not sure how much of it was his. The lab hasn't called me back yet. 

Had I died in my sleep? Was this some kind of afterlife? It took a minute for my brain to turn back on and actually process what the hell I was seeing...

"Kiddo...?" I called out, my voice uneasy "I- Shit-" I cut myself off, bounding off my back porch and into the snow. Who knows how long he's been out in the cold, it's December in northern ontario for fucks sake. It was damn near 30 below it didn't matter how the hell he was alive all that mattered was that he didn't freeze to death. 

When I managed to haul Ozzie inside he just cried. I held him in my lap on my kitchen floor like he was a toddler again until Frank and an ambulance got here. My mind was elsewhere...what the hell was I supposed to do? What am I supposed to do now? That I'm in the middle of all this? 

The rest was kind of a blur, Frank called forensics again to go look at the house, test the blood on Ozzies clothes. I don't really remember much up until I got home about two hours ago. 

It's 4am. And I'm bundled in about five layers drinking a glass of the strongest whiskey I had in the house. 

He's still 17. 

Ozzie didn't have much to say other than frantically asking about his friends and the house, about...a man. One specific man. 

Remember how I mentioned the house's history? The massacre in the 30s?

Yeah. 

I don't really know what to make of it either. All I know, is that according to Ozzie...whatever the hell is in that house bleeds. 

And if it bleeds I can kill it. 

I've got a 12 gauge in my lap right now. It's taking every ounce of fucking restraint in me to not march over there with as many slugs as money can buy and as much gasoline as I can carry to burn that place in holy fire. 

If I do, I'll let you know if I can wipe that god forsaken place off the face of this planet. If not just for Ozzie, if at least for the other three kids whose bodies we haven't found yet. 

This is me signing off. I need put down the whiskey and go get some sleep before I do something stupid.
Title: Floor 1 ½ - The Slaughter Hall

I used to work at a reputable audit firm and the events of my last night there still haunts me.
 
It's been two days since the incident, and I can't shake the feeling of being watched. Each passing night, the shadows in my room seem to grow darker and have more substance to them.
 
My fellow coworkers, I fear I am running out of time but if you come across this post, heed my warning. You need to leave that place now! 
 
It happened on the night of September 2nd, around 11 PM. Anyone passing by the office building would have noticed the dim lights on the third floor, illuminating against the dark surrounding buildings. My colleague, Awais, and I were the only ones working late, due to an audit deadline. Was it our negligence or laid-back attitude that led us to this situation or was it the client sending the data just an hour earlier? Truth be told, both sides were to be blamed. 
 
The sound of fingers striking laptop keys echoed across the empty floor. Both of us were surviving on caffeine at this point, evident from the scattered paper cups on the table. 
 
In the midst of reviewing my calculations, a faint scraping sound caught my attention. As soon as I looked up from my laptop, it abruptly stopped. I quickly scanned the dimly lit office but found no source of the sound. To my right, Awais seemed too absorbed in his work to have noticed it. Convinced that I had simply imagined it, I turned back to my laptop screen, only to hear it again, faint but distinct. 
 
The sound came near Awais. As I turned towards him, he burst into laughter. 
 
"You should have seen your face," Awais said, struggling to contain his amusement. 
 
With a sigh, I slumped back into my chair. Work had really fried my brain. 
 
"You know what? Let’s call it for the night,” I said. “I mean, you could wrap things up by pulling an all-nighter but our Boss is most likely not going to approve the over-time.”
 
Awais nodded in agreement.
 
“Today’s your last day here. Might as well start enjoying life a bit, huh?”
 
We both chuckled. 
 
As we began packing up, Awais paused and asked, “Have you heard from Asjad? He left the company a week ago, and we haven’t heard a word from him.” 
I shook my head. A week wasn’t a long time, however, we both were good friends with Asjad. Him suddenly going silent and not answering our calls was very unlike him. 
 
"You think the rumours are true?" 
 
I paused for a moment and then shook my head in disbelief. The firm had a wild grapevine network and, sometimes, absurd rumours surfaced through it - particularly the ones claiming that people who left never really made it out.
 
"Asjad not answering our calls had to have a logical explanation, rather than some absurd rumour. He had mentioned that his phone was giving him all sorts of trouble before he left," I stated. 
 
"Sure, but what about Sarah and Ahmed?" 
 
Sarah and Ahmed were definitely a peculiar case. They both had plans to move to China, so it was possible they hadn’t yet found the time to reach out. However, that was about three months ago. With Sarah expecting a child in a few months, they were probably caught up in all of that.
 
I turned picked up my bag, turned around and raised my arm.
 
“Buddy, you speculate all you want, I’m heading out. Don't worry about such stuff. The grapevine is notorious for childish and absurd claims.” 
 
Awais wasn’t convinced but he didn’t say another word. After that, we shook hands firmly.
 
Awais picked up his bag and headed towards the elevator. He stepped inside and glanced back, “You coming?”
 
“You go on, just want to reminisce about the last four years.”
 
Awais nodded and the elevator doors slid shut. As I stood by the elevator, I took in my surroundings. The old overflowing cabinets, the attendance recorder – each sight sending a rush of memories. 
 
"Never thought I'd witness this day, especially not after four years of being here." 
 
The elevator had arrived and I stepped into it. The doors closed, and the descent began. The floor numbers gradually ticking down from three.
 
The elevator jolted and came to a sudden stop. Odd, the firm’s elevator was horrendously slow and most likely had no functioning safety features. Surely, I couldn’t have reached the ground floor this quick. I looked at the elevator panel, only to find the lower portion of "2" and the upper portion of "1". 
 
The doors still hadn't opened. I repeatedly pressed the buttons and even attempted to brute force the doors open, but to no avail. I reached for my phone to call the night security guard, hoping he could open them from the outside. Just as I lifted my phone, the elevator doors slid open to a dark corridor.
 
Glancing back at the panel, I noticed that it still displayed the same numbers as earlier. I tapped the panel and pressed the buttons, but nothing happened. 
 
Frustrated, I adjusted the strap of my bag and stepped out of the elevator. As soon as I did, the doors closed shut. I turned around, only to see the elevator panel indicating that the elevator was descending to the ground level. 
 
"You've got to be kidding me." 
 
The corridor was unfamiliar; It didn't match any floor layout I had seen in the firm. With my phone's flashlight, I scanned the dark corridor and spotted a partially open door at the far end. In a last, desperate attempt, I pressed the elevator button, but it remained fixed on the ground level. Admitting defeat, I slowly approached the door at the other end. 
 
I carefully pushed the door open, my body on high alert for reasons I couldn't quite explain. Sweeping the room with my phone’s light, I found empty workstations and chairs. I scanned the area, moving the beam from one workstation to another. In all my four years at the company, I had never seen this room before. I searched for a light switch but there was none. No windows either. Odd. 
 
As I approached the first workstation, I noticed the name ‘Akhtar Ali’ taped to the desk, accompanied by a photo of a man in his late thirties. Strangely enough, I had never seen or met him in the office before. I directed my flashlight towards the adjacent desk, where the name 'Parveen Nabil' was written - another unfamiliar person. 
 
Something was off. I hurried past each table; each taped with a name tag and a picture of a person. As I reached near the end of the table, one name stopped me in my tracks. There was no mistaking it. Moving closer, I confirmed that 'Asjad Bashir' was written there, accompanied by a picture taken on his last day of work. I moved the light next to it and saw Sarah and Ahmed’s picture was also present. 
 
I took a step back from the table, shocked at what I had just seen. Why was the office maintaining some bizarre memorial for all the staff members who had left?
 
There was one final desk next to Asjad's. I stepped toward it, a shiver running down my spine at what I saw. The desk had my name taped on and even more unsettling was that the picture of me was the one Awais took a couple of hours ago, after everyone had left. 
 
"What in the world is going on?" I muttered. 
 
At the far end of the room stood another door. I approached it cautiously and pushed it open. Immediately, a horrendous, rotting stench invaded my nostrils, making me gag. Covering my nose, I took a step forward but tripped over something and stumbled to the floor. My phone flew several feet away, its light casting long shadows across the room As I slowly rose, I noticed an arm lying next to my feet. Startled, I stood up, only to be confronted with a horrifying sight. 
 
The floor was covered in dried blood. From the ceiling, several chains with meat hooks dangled from the ceiling. Countless bodies hung from them, their mouths impaled on a hook. Dismembered limbs littered the floor, adding on to the nightmarish slaughter room.
 
What in God's name was I witnessing? Trembling, I retrieved my phone, a lifeless head came into view and the was unmistakable. It was Asjad Bashir. The corpse had begun to decompose but the face was still recognizable. 
 
Next to a pile of bones and corpses, another door led somewhere, dim light leaking from beneath. I quietly made my way toward it, pressing myself against the dirty walls and peered through the crack. Inside, a huge, obese figure stood about seven feet tall and looked to weigh over 500 pounds. He stood with his back to me, which was covered in scars and stitches. Gripping a massive meat cleaver, he was busy dismembering a lifeless figure on a table before him. With each swing, limbs fell off, and blood sprayed in all directions. 
 
"Gotta love it when the little fishy swims right into my hands," he rasped, a cruel chuckle escaping his throat as he turned and looked me right in the eyes.
 
Shocked and terrified, I jumped away from the door as it exploded into splinters. The man had thrown his cleaver with monstrous strength. I quickly hid behind the pile of bodies.
 
"Oh boy, oh boy, looks like the little fishy swam away. I do love me some good hide and seek." 
 
In the darkness, I made out a giant silhouette retrieve his weapon and then slip into the memorial room. Gathering what little courage I had, I quietly entered the butcher's room hoping to find a means to escape. The room was a blood-splattered chaos. In the center stood a large table, with limbs on it from the previous victim. I frantically searched the room for a key, a button, anything that could help me escape. But there was nothing. 
 
"I don't want to die… I don't want to die," I muttered, my voice trembling. 
 
At that moment, I noticed a large finger hanging on a cleaver keychain from one of the walls. I quickly grabbed it only to be alerted by booming footsteps, behind me. 
 
"Well, well, the little fishy has strayed too far from the fishing net." 
 
A giant hand yanked me upright and spun me around. I came face-to-face with one of the ugliest faces I had ever seen, grinning back at me. I struggled to break free from his grip, but he was too strong. 
 
"Oh, the little fishy is putting up a fight. I do love me some strong fish." 
 
He flashed a toothy grin and threw me onto the table. Placing his enormous hand on my neck, he began to strangle me. 
 
"Now, playtime is over, fishy. Time to die." 
 
He brought his face closer to mine, a sadistic smile spreading across his lips. I clawed at his hands, but his grip tightened. I gasped for air and that made the man laugh. 

Summoning my last ounce of strength, I clenched the cleaver keychain tightly and drove it into his eye with all my might. 
 
The man howled in agony and stumbled back. Coughing and gasping for air, I scrambled to my feet and then sprinted out of the room. 
 
"You piece of shit, I'll skin you alive!" roared the butcher. 
 
I took out my phone and illuminated my path with its light. Hastily finding the door to the memorial room, I entered it. The room was now a mess, with overturned tables and broken chairs. I exited the memorial room, rushed down the corridor, and reached the elevator. I frantically pressed the buttons but there was no response.
 
"Come on, come on!" 
 
Despite multiple attempts, the elevator remained motionless. I heard a loud explosion behind me, signalling that the man had entered the memorial room. Just as despair began to set in, I remembered the giant finger I had picked up. I used it to press the elevator button, and to my relief, I heard the elevator gears move and the panel showed that the elevator had begun its ascent. 
 
The elevator doors opened. The light from the elevator shone in the corridor and I saw him running towards me. 
 
"Get back here, you little fish!" 
 
He raised his cleaver and hurled it towards me. I used the finger and slammed the ground-floor button. The doors closed shut just in time, saving me from being sliced in half. 
 
The elevator descended and stopped at the ground level. 
 
The doors opened, revealing the reception area of the office, with the night security guard sitting there. As he saw me, he quickly stood up and approached me. 
 
"What happened to you? You're a complete mess, and what's with all the blood?" he asked, bewildered. 
 
I struggled to form any words. I then bolted out of the front door and ran, not even bothering to call a taxi. I needed to distance myself from that place and everything I had witnessed. 
 
On reaching home, I immediately locked all the doors and barricaded myself in my room.
 
During all this, I noticed a single text message notification on my phone. It was from Awais.
 
"So… you got away. For now :)”
Title: Black box

Only one suit had been created for this expedition, and I had drawn the shortest straw. Approximately 3 miles beneath the surface of the Atlantic we had come across some kind of seismic anomaly - a solid box through which waves refused to pass through, potentially hundreds of feet in diameter. After consulting countries across the globe, none of them had any clue what organization or entity had placed it there, and ultimately a commission was created to determine what the box was.

The only percievable entrance was a slim opening discovered by an unmanned drone, and it was clear that given the pressure and potential complexity of navigating the interior of the cube, only a person would be fit for the job. And so it fell on me to descend into the depths.

Slipping through the entrance was easy enough - it just took some time to shimmy through and keep my bearings. Wedged between the slabs of reflective, black, speckled walls, any movement from the structure would crack and rupture my suit, flooding it with water with pressure that would obliterate my fragile flesh body almost instantly.

But finally, I could feel myself free of the shaft, and I slowly descended as the roof of the seemingly empty box rose and disappeared above me. All sound had stopped, and all that remained was my own breathing. Finally, an obviously artificial floor began to appear below me, and my lights flooded across a massive expanse of panels making up what I assumed was the bottom of the cube.

As my boots touched the floor, I noticed that each square panel was etched with a slightly different texture, obviously untouchable by my gloved hand but noticeable nonetheless. Some panels had been removed a few feet away from me, and I shuffled towards them cautiously. My periphery revealed to me a podium holding a glass cylinder, about the size of a pencil. Before exploring this further, I peered down into the area the displaced panel had once hidden: the bottom of the small box held a diagram of a male and female, not unlike the infamous Vitruvian Man sketched by da Vinci. A depression in the center of the bottom of the box and the removed top panel indicated that a cylinder had once resided here, of similar size to the aforementioned one.

Glancing into another box, a similar diagram displayed a prehistoric mammal, and another box displayed a whale of some kind. My curiosity got the better of me now, and I removed a panel manually from the floor, which proved to be a surprisingly difficult task. Within was the expected vial, filled with a clear liquid housing strands of what must have been some type of genetic material. Below that was a diagram of something clearly organic, but an entity I didn't recognize. A massive beak arose from a wooly, stout abdomen, and two long legs sprouted from either side of this strange creature. Fascinated, I attempted to place the vial into a sample bag but it shattered upon my touch.

I quickly revoked my hand as to avoid damaging my suit with broken glass shards, and the strands began to ascend towards the ceiling of the chamber, undoubtedly towards the slim entrance.

Disappointed, I approached the podium and examined the vial here, which contained some sort of dark red liquid. After a moment I realized that the cylinder was being held in place by metal clamps, and opposite the podium on the ceiling, an obelisk held the stone-carved skulls of some race of presumably alien origin. Their empty eye sockets looked down in every direction away from the red vial before me, and gazing up into their soulless eyes I gathered an unshakable assumption about the liquid before me.

If the strands contained within each box around me were the seeds of life of ancestral species who swam and walked and dug through the earth (or hadn't gotten the chance to) long ago, then this was the antiseed. For each "on switch" contained within this room, this was the off switch to rule them all. For one reason or another, whoever left the cube here had left this here for one of us to stumble upon. If not me, maybe a descendant years in the future or perhaps a lone, wandering sea creature. There might have been a purpose in leaving it here, or there may not have been, but either way, I was the one who happened to come across it.

Two thoughts immediately raced through my mind, the first being a fascination that this small vial would be all it would take to eliminate or subsumed all life on Earth. Of course, the killing of countless beings was only an assumption - the liquid could really do anything for all I knew, but realistically it most likely spelled at least a major shift in the life of some organisms. In what way, I couldn't possibly know, but I became anxious to find out.

The second thought was a gambit: all of those who wronged me came up first. Then my ex-lovers who went on to find joy and happiness without me, leaving me to my joyless solitude each time without fail. I no longer really felt as part of humanity. Really, none of the boxes in the room contained anything related to me. All life was alien to me, and from this chamber miles beneath the sea and Earth, I finally had the ability to see clearly what I hadn't been able to see before: a fragmented life, not just mine, but all of humanity's fragmented life, really wasn't worth living. Immediately the question arises - who am I to say what life is and isn't worth living? How can I choose for anyone else? And to that I only recalled how destroyed I had been by others. The repeated blows I've taken at the hands of others I'd placed my trust in and loved. Who were they to choose this life for me? They fucked me, and I found it only fair to fuck them.

Without hesitating, I reached towards the vial. The skulls above peered down to look and the clamp released the vial into my hand. I was shocked to find the vial had not shattered as the last one had. I clenched my fist, and the glass broke as expected. Shards entered each of my fingers, and the liquid burned my flesh and immediately began to course through my veins. I screamed in agony but I only deafened myself. Water began to rapidly fill my suit, puncturing each and every pore as the liquid simultaneously dissolved my skin, muscle, and bones. The liquid began to swirl around me, carried by the water and air bubbles, which turned red as the liquid seemingly immediately evaporated when it touched air, and it all rose upwards, to subject all to my own fate.

After my arm, within seconds my chest and groin began to suffer the same fate. As I faded away, my only catharsis was imagining others I had once known wasting away and withering as I had both in death and in life.
Title: The Surgeon has escaped. I'm sorry.

For various reasons I can't give my name. I've had to alter certain details, such as names, in this to save my ass, but the public needs to know. I am being locked up tomorrow, and need to get this out now.

There are monsters in the world. Beasts, creatures, aberrations, horrors, and more. I work in a facility that contains them, located deep in the Pacific ocean.

Almost every folkloric and mythological creature has a kernel of truth to its story, and that's where we come in. For example, the Draugr of Norse mythology. They're more than shape-shifting, dream-infiltrating zombies. The real beasts are what we call a level 6 threat, one of the kinds you don’t survive by accident. We don't know how they appear, but they can walk through spacetime like a frayed seam being pulled apart, and it allows them to fall ever so slightly “out-of-sync” with the material world. They are classified as the species *Reanimatus vigilans* \- the watchful reanimated.

But I digress. I'm here because something escaped the facility, and we can't find it.

The creature, which my colleagues and I affectionately call “The Surgeon”, first appeared in 1888. It is the only creature to ever receive a level 8 threat classification. The Surgeon was discovered in the wake of the Jack the Ripper murders. The crime scenes turned heads in certain directions and caught the attention of my organisation. We got involved and noticed certain “substances” in the victims. No one knew what it was, but the organisation had the brains to collect a sample and keep it. A thick, red goo, with the texture of maple syrup and the smell of copper.

Then, in 1902, a gruesome murder occurred in Russia. A poor girl, no more than 19 years old, was found mutilated in her home. When I took the job of studying the Surgeon I read the files, and I still can't get those images out of my head. At this murder, that substance was found again. The organisation caught wind and began investigating more thoroughly. We came to the conclusion that the substance was a paralytic. Anyone who is exposed will lose the ability to move, but retains all feeling.

After the Russia incident, any murders with this substance were kept confidential. Only the immediate investigators and the organisation were allowed to know. Panic, superstition, any public trace would’ve compromised everything. And with more knowledge of the Surgeon’s M.O, we got better at finding them.

From 1902 to 1984, the Surgeon claimed the lives of 96 innocent women. We finally caught him by using certain tools that could get me thrown into the depths of hell for naming. What we found shocked us all.

A middle-aged man in a Victorian-era doctor’s uniform, blood-covered gloves dangling at his sides, stood over a woman. Sadly we didn’t catch him in time and we lost her. Her chest was a gaping cavity, and although her heart was beating when we got there, she showed no other signs of life.

The capture attempt was a catastrophe. I’ve reviewed the footage and transcripts enough times to know every second by heart. One agent approached to place the restraints. The Surgeon spoke to him quietly; not a command, not a threat, just a sentence.

The agent halted, turned back toward the team, and after a moment of hesitation raised his rifle and pulled the trigger.

The Surgeon grabbed a rag soaked in the victim’s blood and thrust it into the face of another agent. Blinded, she stumbled and fired wildly, hitting two of her own teammates before crashing to the floor.

Containment was achieved only after repeated anesthesia darts, restraint nets, and overwhelming force. Even then, it felt less like a victory and more like he had allowed it.

The tapes of when the Surgeon was brought in are difficult to watch. He was so polite. Cooperative. Almost *eager* to talk. I still remember them to this day, more clearly than I’d like.

“So, do you have a name?” asked Dr. Otto, with a tremor in his voice that could match an earthquake, his hands shaking as he held the pen

“If I did, it is long forgotten to me, doctor.” the Surgeon replied with a remorseful smile.

“Right… Well, we've been following you since the late 19th century, No-Name. Can you explain how you're still around?”

“Certainly, Doctor,” he leaned back in his chair as he looked around, “I learned at a very young age that life is precious. So precious, in fact, that it can be guarded, taken, and traded.”

“What do you mean by that?”

“Well, I found that if I play the right tendons like a violin, and drum the right organs, I can move life from someone to another.”

“So, you're stealing their life?”

“Oh… Doctor, you make me sound so savage. I perform symphonies of life that only I can hear!” he was looking directly in Dr. Otto's eyes as he said this. He leaned forward, eyes bright with something like joy.

“Right… well… tell me, why were they all women?” Dr. Otto shifted slightly in his chair, averting the Surgeon's gaze.

“They are lifegivers, doctor! Pure life…” he cackled as the words danced out of his mouth.

The tape continued in a similar vein, with the Surgeon being open. Some of the staff had an issue with it, saying he was too open. Hindsight is 20/20, they were right.

2 days ago I was sitting with him in his cell. Blackjack on the table between us, and a pile of cigarettes on his side and a much smaller pile on mine.

“Hit or Stand?” I asked, eyeing the pitiful amount of wager I had to give.

“John… It is an 8! Of course I hit!” his laughter coated his words like honey, as I pulled a card and placed it on his side.

“A 10, now's the moment of truth,” my gut swirled and tensed “hit or stand?”

He sat in his chair, stroking his mangy beard. His eyes focused so hard on the deck of cards by my side, I thought he was somehow reading the cards.

“Hit.” the confidence in his voice sent a small shiver down my spine. I slowly drew a card and placed an 11 down. He cheered as I flipped my own card to reveal a whopping total of 19.

“Good game.” I begrudgingly said as I slid my last cigarettes over to him. We switched from money long ago, ever since I had to pay for my little girl’s medical bills. I just told him we used the cigarettes because of immediate gratification.

“Indeed, my good sir,” he took a cigarette and lit it up, the smoke dancing in the manufactured light of the fluorescent bulbs. He took a long drag as I packed up the cards and then offered me a hit, “you know, John, I have not left my cell in… oh… nine months, I think.”

“Correct. You get one day a year, you know this.” I waved the cigarette away as I finished putting the cards in their box.

“Yes I know, prisoner safety and such. But John, all the other prisoners are in bed by now, and my legs are aching so much. I give you my word that I merely wish to walk the grounds and stretch, free of the shackles.” he looked me right in the eyes as he pleaded.

It appears to us that the Surgeon has never lied. It's one of the more fascinating things about him. He has the ability to do so many things, but seemingly not deceive. He confessed to murders we never found, breaking our rules, even escape plans, all because he got asked.

“Surgeon… you know-” I began

“My medicine John,” he cut me off, “I have never said how I make it, or even what it is. If you let me have this walk, I shall reveal it to you.” A soft smile sat on his face.

“Fucking… fine,” I sighed as I unlocked his shackles, “you won’t tell anyone I did this. One trip around the block, but I'm accompanying you, understand?”

“John! Language,” he laughed, “but yes, I understand. Don't worry, hands in front of me the whole time, walking 6 feet ahead of you.”

We began the journey, slowly tracing the block in tandem. He swayed as he walked, roaming from area to area with seemingly no pattern at all. We spoke intermittently about various things, all of them were meaningless chatter, but one was important.

“John, how is your daughter doing? I know her illness is a rare one.” his voice casual, as if it were something we’d spoken about many times.

“How… how do you know about her?” the words tore out of me; I tasted copper and hospital lights in my mouth.

“It is my duty, given by the Goddess, to know the wellbeing of all your kind.” he stared at a wall while walking and talking. “I can see it all, John. The beating of your fragile hearts, the rushing of your oxygenated blood, the stretching of your worn muscles. You call me the Surgeon, and you are right. I am a physician of sorts, perhaps a mortician, an apothecary… who truly knows?”

“Why would you ask about her?” my hand was slowly reaching towards my radio, ready to press the panic button.

“Do not call for help, John. There is no need, I am not going to hurt you.” he smiled as he looked around.

I froze, my thumb hovering over the red button. His smile was too calm, too knowing.

“What-” before another word could escape, I felt my neck freezing. My joints locked in place. I managed to look down and see that red, thick liquid, splattered across my chest.

“I do not make the medicine, John,” he cooed as he stared at me, “I pull it out of you. Blood is a wonderful thing, it can control your whole existence.”

My movements became more restricted, I felt my skin tightening until I couldn’t even blink. I could feel the signals from my brain, firing at full power telling my body to move, but nothing happened. I could feel the tendons and joints eagerly awaiting orders, trying to move on their own, but nothing happened.

A faint groan escaped my clenched jaw.

“Aw, John,” he tutted, “it is okay. I am just going to stretch my legs. Do not worry, I am a man of my word. I will not make you experience pain.” He slowly paced around my frozen body.

“Those draugr you have in bay 4 are lovely fellows,” he let out a grin unlike any other I’ve seen, far too wide with dead eyes, “do you want to see a secret they showed me?”

He chuckled as I saw him begin to blur, as if he was vibrating on the spot at the speed of sound. His laugh became distant, and in an instant he was gone.

After hours of waiting, I could move again. Then after even more hours of debriefing, I could move freely again. Hours of alarms, questioning, lockdowns and field teams being deployed. I told them to not contain him again. Kill him.

On my way out of my commander's office, he called out to me.

“John, wait a moment,” he barked with an authoritative gravitas, “there’s something I don’t understand. Off record, of course.” I turned around and saw him kill the power to the recording device.

“What’s that, sir?” my eyes averted his gaze as I turned around.

“The Surgeon mentioned your daughter. We’ve had him marked as an ontological threat, but I can’t get over that final line from him. What if he’s an ego threat?”

“Why does it have to be one or the other?” I muttered as I left. I then realised that we had spent so much time categorising these creatures, we didn’t consider the possibility that they can merge and blur the lines between black and white.

That suggestion brought about even more chaos. An ontology threat can rewrite time and space. An ego threat can rewrite humans. It doesn’t touch reality at all. It touches us. Whatever part of you thinks it’s still you. As far as I knew, ego threats were theoretical, but now I’m wondering otherwise. Before today, I wouldn’t have even considered that blood magic he did to exist, but now I’m researching our archives. Babylonian and Canaanite cultures using blood rituals. Paracelsus and Agrippa considering blood for alchemy. Hemomancy throughout history.

Earlier today I was filing through files, and I got a small papercut. I instinctively brought it to my mouth and sucked on the wound, but what I tasted wasn’t blood. It tasted like curdled milk covering rotten eggs. I drew my finger away, holding back a gag, and I saw the substance trickling down my index finger. As soon as it made contact, I felt that locking sensation again. My fingers refused to obey my mind’s command to bend. One of the facility doctors confirmed through many blood tests. They all show barely any hemoglobin and so much of that syrupy substance, yet somehow my vital signs remained inexplicably normal. My blood is his medicine. Tomorrow I’m getting locked up as a new type of creature in this prison of ours. I’ve been given one day to get my affairs in order.

The Surgeon wears the shape of a man. Around 184 cm tall, with black hair and pale skin. He has one green eye, and one brown eye. His voice is soft, almost kind and patient, with a faint British sound. If you see him out there, run. I’ve told you what I can. The rest, I’ve changed. For your safety and mine.
Title: Never Go To East Holmes Apartments

I'm writing this all from my cellphone, so please forgive me if there's any typos whatsoever.

I've lived in many different houses, apartments, condos, townhouses, etc. but I guarantee homelessness is a more welcoming experience than ever having to reside at East Holmes Apartments.

My name is Abel. I was roughly in my mid twenties when I had finally decided to go back to college and pursue my bachelors degree. At the time I was living with my grandmother who, although lonely after my grandfather had recently deceased, realized that having a grandson in their mid twenties living at her place could be... annoying?

Don't get me wrong, me and my grandmother loved each other as any family would, but I did have some bad habits that would upset, if not outright enrage my grandmother. Leaving clothes, empty soda cans and paper plates of unfinished food out on the floor, never making my bed, doing only portions of the chores I was assigned (vacuuming but never reaching the corners, plopping dishes into the dish washer without pre rinsing, never taking objects off the shelves when dusting, etc etc). I can say in hindsight I wasn't that responsible of a human being.

So it was decidedly so that I should probably move out my grandmothers and into an apartment. She was kind enough to cover the costs of living so long as it didn't exceed a certain amount and that I would complete my degree in full this time. With the housing crisis being a top issue during the time, finding a place to live was not easy.

Fortunately, after a good month of searching, I did manage to find a one bedroom complex that was desperately seeking new tenants. "Extra discount for students" caught my attention, but realizing it had electric, water and garbage completely covered at a fixed rate, temperature control AND air conditioning for only 750 a month (yes, in total), I figured there had to be some kind of catch.

The only one I could find was that its deposit was also 750, along with first and last months rent and that I'd need to sign a one year lease. And I guess a little crack in the wall next to the fridge, but they assured me they'd have that fixed by the time I was ready to move in. Honestly, with a deal like that, who wouldn't take up this place?

I mean it had everything I'd ever need; A bedroom with a big walk in closet, a fairly sizable living room to fit multiple furniture, a bathroom that I could take more than 5 steps in without feeling claustrophobic, a kitchen with a view into the living room for when I wanted to cook and watch tv at the same time. It even had a little fireplace I rarely used, but the aesthetics were nice. And best of all, it was both close to the college I was attending and my girlfriends place.

When I finally moved in and got everything out of their boxes and settled, I plopped my happy ass onto the couch and just admired the view of my living room. There was a big window that showed a view of the rest of the apartment, fellow tenants in their own buildings living their own lives, a big cherry blossom tree that somehow reached the top of the third floor (which is where I resided), birds chirping, squirrels chittering, kids playing, people walking their dogs.

"Fuck dude", I sighed euphorically, "I don't even wanna leave this place."

"Too bad nerd", my girlfriend Sophie said as she playfully threw a stuffed animal at my face. "School ain't gonna teach you shit unless you ACTUALLY attend!"

Sophie was the most beautiful girl I had ever known. She was a little tomboyish, short red hair, freckles on her cheeks and absolutely playful in every way she could be. I don't know what she saw in me, but whatever it was, I'm just glad it attracted her enough to have her hazel green eyes always pierce into me.

"Doesn't class start for you in like half an hour though?" I said as I scratched the chin of my pet cat Hades.

"Yeah. And?"

"That's literally the amount of time it's gonna take for you to get there if you leave right now."

She walked over, kicking legs in a dramatic march with each step with her hands behind her back. "It's also the amount of time we could..." She plopped down, half sitting on me. "You knnooowwwww..."

Suffice to say, my first day of living here was awesome. College started, the girl of my dreams would visit me often, my cat being my other companion on rainy days, a wonderful one bedroom experience. Paradise.

But those delightful memories reside in a coffin now. And inside, they decay each day. Molding into nightmares of what will live and die with me.

A few months later, my grandma had become ill and I wasn't sure how long she would be around for. She reassured me she would still fund me throughout the remainder of my college years. I know it's irresponsible of me, but I couldn't attend the next quarter. I was depressed. My only family member left in my life, slowly dying out. I know I had Sophie, but life without the one person I grew up with felt like the weight of a reality I never thought I'd face this soon. I'd be the only one left in my family line. No Thanksgivings or Christmases, no summer gatherings, no small talks or even "I love you" or "I'm so proud of you" from a figurehead anymore.

I couldn't tell her I wasn't attending college at the moment, so I kept sending emails and calling on the occasion acting like everything was fine. Then one night, my life ended and a new one began.

It was almost 1 in the morning when I heard a knocking on my door. This of course would startled my cat since the door was thick but hollow and would echo throughout the apartment, no matter how gently you knock. As he bolted under the bed, I got up groggily, shaking my head to wake myself up. I got dressed up in a bathrobe and made my way out of my room, passed the kitchen and over to the door. There was a weird smell I couldn't quite put my finger on. I looked through the dirty, blurry peephole of my door, only to see the same lightbulb that shined just bright enough to barely show the outside world.

No one was there.

"God damn kids", I never thought I'd mutter that to myself at my age. "It's alright Hades, just some stupid little bastards." My cat would always let out a long humming meow from his throat. It's kind of a silly meow, but that's just how he always sounded.

A few minutes later he came out from under the bed and hopped into my lap on the couch as we watched some old movies I grew up with. It's not like I could sleep anyways. But again, I heard a knock at my door. Hades froze and looked wide eyed at the door.

"I swear to god..." I got up and quietly made my way to the door. I looked out the peephole again and there was in fact a kid just standing there, barely able to be seen. I unlocked the deadbolt and the doorknob and pulled it wide open, looking down at the, I assume barely 10 year old boy who had knocked on my door.

"Excuse me sir", he said shyly to me, "Can you help me? My mom won't open the door."

I blinked and shook my head a little in disbelief. "Uhh... Yeah, uh, where do you live?" I'm not gonna lie, I was extremely annoyed. Why did this kid pick my door to knock on?

"Over there", he pointed to the other side of the complex.

I stared at the direction for a few seconds. Then slowly back to the kid.

"... Is there nobody else over there?"

"There is but... I'm scared." He rocked back in forth nervously.

"What, like, crossing the street scared or... ?"

"I'm really scared mister."

I cursed under my breath. I wanted to just close the door on him, but what if he really needed help? That weighed on me for a sec. But then again, what if he was pulling a prank on me? He looked up at me dead in the eyes and said, "Please"

I sighed. "Ok... Just hang on a minute."

I closed the door and went to my bedroom to dress in normal attire. Every limb I put through the holes of my clothes I did with a forceful push out of pure irritation. This HAS to be a prank, right? As I put my shirt on I reached for my little switch blade I kept on the dresser beside my bed and put it in my back pocket. I figured he was just going to take me to the apartment next door, I'd get hit with some cold water balloons and he'd run off with his little friends into the night like the little assholes they are. There were reports of kids doing that a good week or so ago, so I figured why wouldn't I just give them a little scare if it actually was a prank?

I opened the door and the kid was waiting there patiently, yet nervous.

"Ok kid, lead on."

We crossed the street to the other side of the complex. We climbed the stairs to the third floor and as I was taking my last few steps to reach the top, I noticed something peculiar about the place. All the lights were on and all the window curtains were open. It's not like the kid couldn't just bang on the window and go unnoticed or anything. I looked through the windows, observing the nice furniture and plants on top of an antique looking table.

But I also saw a woman with her back towards us. She was in a white nightgown with long dark black hair and was really tall. A little too tall, I thought. I took a few steps towards the door, passing by the furniture that partially blocked my view of the woman and as I did, I realized she wasn't actually that tall at all.

She was standing on a chair.

I felt like I made a weird face of intrigue, but also concern and the kid must have noticed.

"She won't listen to me!", he said in quiet frustration, likely wanting to scream as he pressed his hands and face against the window. He did eventually yell to her though, "MOMMY! MOMMY!"

She didn't move.

I got closer to the glass and knocked on it. "Hey uh, lady! You ok?"

She stiffened up a little, then turned her head ever so slightly. I couldn't see her face, but I could see something else that made my gut tighten.

Fibers around her neck. A rope.

"Whoa-OK HOLD ON! DON'T MOVE!"

As I was about to sprint my way to the door, I saw her inch closer towards the edge of the chair.

I tried to open the door, but of course it was locked. I did the only thing I could think of doing and started bashing whole body, shoulder first, into the door. The kid was crying, wailing, "MOMMY PLEASE! I WANT IN! WHY WON'T YOU LET ME IN!?"

He started banging on the windows, which gave me an idea. I made my way over to the kid and told him to stand back.

I ran full sprint into the window, only to discover that the door was probably my better option. I don't know what these windows were made out of, but it felt like I ran straight into a wall of cement. "FUCK!", I screamed as I fell to the floor, clutching my shoulder as I felt like I had nearly fracture it.

"MOMMY PLEASE!" He yelled over and over again. I regained my composure after a little bit of groaning in pain and when I got up, I saw her take a step off the chair.

"SHIT" I ran back to the door and started kicking it over and over again. I was sweating and panicking but I just kept kicking. I noticed it loosened a little bit and I took a few steps back. I ran as hard as I could and with full force, threw my body into the door.

It opened. And I fell through.

I was laying on the floor, some of my own blood running down my face. I brought my head up, blinking off the pain, I pushed myself up slowly to my feet, small splinters of wood falling off of me as I looked around. My eyes widened in confusion. There wasn't any furniture. No tables. No chair. No woman. Just a cold dead air and moonlight hitting the surfaces of an abandoned kitchen next to a dark living room.

"What the fuck..."

I stood there for a good minute, noticing that not only was the apartment empty, but the counter tops were dusty and there was a weird aroma in the air. Something that smelled like honey and gasoline.

I started to step back out of the apartment. "Hey kid-" I turned to see nobody standing there. Just a long, empty path leading back to the stairs. My arm was twitching, both from pain and an uneasiness. I wished this was just a very elaborate prank, but nothing made any sense. I felt something brewing within me. My lungs. I was hyperventilating.

Lights from the neighbors turned on. In a brief daze, I felt like moving was impossible. Then I heard a voice, "Hey is everything alright out there?" I panicked. I bolted down the stairs, running as fast as I could across the street over to my building and ran back up into my apartment, locking the door and slamming my back into it.

As I slid down, sitting there in silence, my cat came over to me. Still trying to process everything that had just happened, I hadn't even noticed that he was meowing his long, weird humming meow and had put a paw on my leg.

"Hades..." I reached out to pet him, his face about to rub into my hand when out of no where, all of his hair stood up and he swiped at my hand, scratching it and darted off under the bed, hissing the entire time.

I winced and recoiled my hand, gripping it tight. I must have smelled weird or something because he had never done that before. I got to my feet and the next thing I knew, I was drowsy and felt incredibly weak. The room began to spin as a building nausea started to take over. I guess the adrenaline was wearing off. I fell onto my couch and slept the whole night through.

"You brought a switchblade with you!?" Sophie exclaimed in shock. It was the next day in the afternoon and I had called her over to vent my guts out.

"Dude, did you not hear the part about the apartment being empty?"

"Well yeah that's obviously weird, but it's fucked up you'd even bring a knife with you to scare off some kids!"

"Don't you remember about the old guy that chased me and my friends with a baseball bat? He didn't hurt us!"

"That doesn't mean you go out actively traumatizing kids! Just because you had a fucked up childhood doesn't mean you have to inflict it on others!"

She had a point there.

"Ok but..." She brought her hand up to her hair, brushing it back a little. "You're not making up the rest of it?"

"I'm dead serious", I replied. "There was nobody there. Not even the kid."

"So... That means you found a haunted apartment, right?"

"I... I don't know. Maybe?" I got up to go to the kitchen and make a bowl of cereal. She followed behind me and leaned against the wall.

"You're gonna call an exorcist or something? Maybe a little voodoo doctor to teach you how to dance it away?" She smirked.

"Yep. I fucking knew you'd do that", I grabbed my spoon and headed back into the living room.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"You know what that means. I open my guts up about something horrifying and you just act like it's a big joke." I stabbed my cereal with the spoon, trying to soak up the milk into each piece.

"Well, duh! Do you expect me to just believe something that ridiculous?" She pranced on over and sat next to me. "Look, I'm not saying you didn't see anything, but maybe you ran into the wrong door or something?"

"I just don't know..." I let out a stressful sigh and dropped my spoon on the floor. "First my grandma is dying and now I potentially live next to a god damn haunted apartment?" I kicked the table. "I mean what the fuck, am I losing it or something!?" Sophie wrapped her arms around me and pulled my head into her chest. She leaned back slowly, convincing my body to lay on top of hers as she combed my hair.

She kissed the top of my head and said, "Maybe we can go over later tonight? Just to see what's going on-"

Suddenly, there was a knocking at my door. We both stared at the door, then at each other. "Shit", I whispered. I got up and took a look out the peephole. There were two police officers standing right outside the door. I looked over to Sophie, quietly mouthing, "What do I do???" She raised her arms up, shrugging but with just as much panic as I had and mouthed back, "I don't know."

I took a deep breath. Fuck it. I gotta be responsible.

I opened the door and asked how I could help them.

"Sir, there were reports about an attempted breaking and entering last night and we just thought we'd come in and ask you a few questions", the officer said.

"Uuhhhh..." I looked to Sophie. She shook her head slowly, wide eyed.

"... I think I need to take a raincheck on that-"

"It would only take a minute of your time, sir", the officer interrupted. "If you'd like, you can step out here to talk if that would be more comfortable."

I hesitated for a second, then nodded and stepped outside, closing the door behind me. "So, what's up?"

The officer next to him pulled out a notepad. They had told me that there had been a loud banging noise at the other apartment complex but when one of the neighbors went to check, nobody was there. Apparently, there weren't any witnesses around either so they started to ask everybody on this side of complex if they had seen anything. Thank god. I was in the clear.

"No, I didn't see anything last night officer."

"Well, give us a call if you have any information later that could help." The officers nodded, wished me a good day and walked off. But halfway down the stairs, one of the officers looked up at me, "Oh we forgot to ask. Did you happen to notice any foul odor coming out of your apartment?"

I froze, then shook my head slowly, "No. Just smells like it always does."

"Alright. You have yourself a good day." They finally took off.

The rest of my day was spent watching movies with Sophie, playing with Hades and eating a nice roast she made with some spare ingredients I had left. She offered to stay the night, but I knew she had to study up for finals week and I couldn't bare to selfish. When she left, I decided to give my grandma a call. She didn't answer, but I assumed that since it was night time, she was most likely sound asleep.

I knew I likely wasn't going to get much sleep tonight so I decided to make a bowl of the roast Sophie and heat it up in the microwave. There came a gentle knocking at my door. Hades ears went up and he stared straight at the door. I went over to him and gave him some gentle pets. "I'm proud you didn't run away this time", I chuckled at him. I figured Sophie had forgotten something so as I went to look through the peephole, my heart stopped for a second to see something else.

It was hard to see, the light was dimmer than usually. But from what I could make out, there was a hunched short figure with grey hair, and a red scarf around their neck. I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me for a sec, then they spoke, "Abel? Sweetie, are you there?" It was my grandmothers voice.

I was relieved to hear her gentle old voice again. "Oh my god, grandma! Hey, yeah, give me a sec." I unlocked the deadbolt from the door but just as I was about to unlock the one on my doorknob, it started to shake violently. I know I'm not the brightest person in the world, but it really did take me a minute to process what was happening.

I know my grandma is sick. She may be able to still do her chores and drive around, but I live on the other side of the state and it's almost midnight. That is not my grandma out there, and I am stupid to have thought for a second it was her. No matter how much hope I try to give myself in this world, I knew that the person out there wasn't her.

"Sweetie?" She rattled the doorknob harder. "Sweetie, Abel, let me in."

I probably shouldn't have spoke, but being silent didn't feel right either.

"Who are you?"

"Your grandma. It's cold out here."

Alright. If this person was going to fuck with me, I was going to fuck with them right back. I reached for my baseball bat I had kept behind the couch and put my hand on the doorknob, ready to open it.

"Whatcha doing all the way out here?" I asked in as calm of a voice as I could.

"I just want to see you one last time, sweetie", She said, with the last word being somewhat spoken in a lower, shaky cadence. Almost like coughing it out.

I stopped for a second, my heart beating a thousand miles an hour. There was something in my gut telling me to not look through that peephole again. I swallowed my breath and slowly put my eye to it.

I retracted immediately.

There were teeth. Jagged yellow and somewhat brown in decay. The mouth was wide open, but it didn't just have a top and bottom row of teeth. It had teeth everywhere.

Then I fell back as a weight smashed into my door, knocking me right onto the floor.

"OPEN!" The voice sounded like it was trying to scream out but was inhaling at the same time. "OPEN! OPEN! OPEN!"

I crawled backwards into the kitchen, hiding behind the counter tops as it slammed harder into the door. The whole apartment felt like it was breaking around me and when I looked up at the ceiling, I saw some cracks forming with each slam.

I covered my head as what felt like debris fell on me, dropping my bat in the process. Then it all stopped. No slamming on the door, no weird sounds, just a dead calm quiet. Similar to the one at the other apartment.

Then I heard a long humming meow come out from under the bed in my bedroom. Hades must be absolutely terrified and I know he needs me. I rushed towards him and saw his tail sticking out of the bed. I was relieved to know he was ok. I got down on my knees to comfort him.

"Hey Hades, it's ok buddy-" As I gently pet his backside, I felt something was off. I pulled back my hand and looked at it. His hair was coming off of him and sticking onto my hand in black, bloody clumps.

There was a loud, sudden rumbling that knocked me onto my back. My bed was violently shaking and lifting off the ground. There was something growing underneath it, that let out a low, gurgling attempt at a meow.

I screamed and jumped up, running out of the room and slamming the door shut.

What the fuck was going on.

It rammed against my bedroom door, trying desperately to pry it open. I heard scratching against the doorknob and I ran to the living room back to the door. I was about to open it when I loud slam came from the living room door again. Everything felt like it was falling off the shelves. I tried to get my breath under control but I just couldn't. Then suddenly, the door in the living room slammed open.

I ran like hell to the bathroom, hearing wet, sludge-like thumping noises hit the floor, trying to catch up to me. I shut the door as hard as I could and held onto the doorknob for dear life. It had hit itself against the door for a moment, then rapidly tried to throw its weight through it again and again.

I was screaming at the top of my lungs, hoping the neighbors next door would hear it. Hoping someone would call the police, the military, anyone. It kept trying to open the door but just somehow couldn't do it. This felt like it was going on for hours, until finally it stopped again.

My hands were gripped so tight on the doorknob I felt like they had melted into it. I couldn't let go, even with the stabbing pain that was shooting up my arms. I took in long deep breaths but no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't calm my thrashing heart. I did nothing but try to breathe for who knows how long.

Then it spoke.

"Open...", it sounded like it wasn't speaking with its throat anymore. There was a sloshing sound when it spoke, almost like its organs were squeezing together to make its own voice somehow.

"OPEN!" It smacked the door once.

"PLEASE JUST GO AWAY!" I cried, my teeth now grinding in to the point where I could feel the canines ripping into my cheek.

It became quiet for awhile. I wasn't sure what it was planning, but it slowly sloshed away from my door and down the hallway. It spoke slowly as it got further away, "Ssssoooooppphhhhiiiiieeeeee"

My spine shot up. How does it know about her?? I let go of the doorknob and reached into my pocket, pulling out a cellphone with just enough battery left. I searched my contacts and called up Sophie. It rang a few times. Then there was an answer.

"Hey, I'm glad you-"

"Sophie listen to me", I cut her off. "There is something in my apartment! I don't know what it is but I need you to stay the hell away from here!"

For a moment, there was a gentle fuzz that hummed on the phone during that silence.

"... Your door is open."

I heard the sloshing sound again, this time moving faster down the hallway, towards the living room.

"SOPHIE GET OUT", the phone line disconnected. I dropped my phone. Everything went silent again.

There were tears running down my cheeks. I stood in that bathroom for so long, looking down at the doorknob. It got her. It got Hades. It's going to get me eventually. I wanted to open that door, I wanted it to end me. I couldn't stand here anymore with this agony. And yet, I was too petrified to do anything. Every time I reached for the door, I retracted. Trembling with what felt like fracture fingers. I was just too scared.

I did the only next thing I could think. I walked over to the toilet, sat down on the seat, stared at the door and waited. Bloodshot, trembling, breaking apart, I waited.

Hours must have passed by. It must think I was still holding the door closed. I was getting frustrated. Why wouldn't it just come in? I'm not going to get away from it, so why not just get it over with?

Then I remembered something. My phone was still alive. It didn't have more than 20% battery left, but it wouldn't take more then a few seconds to call 911 and tell them something was going on. They HAVE to send someone, I just gotta convince them to get over here without sounding crazy.

I picked up the phone and called them. It took a minute, but they answered.

"911, what is your emergency?"

"Uh hey", I took a breath in, trying to keep myself calm. "I just heard a bunch of noises outside and I don't know if it's gunshots or not. Can you send someone over to check?"

"Of course. What is your location?" I raised my clenched my fist to my chest in silent victory.

"I'm at East Holmes Apartments. My address is 114-" Dial tones.

I blinked. I looked at my phone. 19% battery left.

Did they just hang up on me?

I don't know how much more pounding my chest can take, but my whole body began to quiver. I couldn't take it anymore. I don't know what the fuck was going on, what that thing was or why they'd hang up on me, but I knew at that moment that staying in this bathroom wasn't getting me anywhere. I wanted to die before, but now, out of spite, I just wanted answers.

And I was willing to die for that.

I turned my phone off and shoved it into my pocket. I took dreaded but careful steps towards the door. As I placed my hand on the knob, I hesitated to turn it. 'There's nothing left to live for', I thought to myself. 'Just get it over with.'

I turned the knob and opened the door.

No one was there, but I heard screaming in the distance.

Cautiously, I made my way down the hall, observing every corner and crack I passed. When I got to the kitchen, I saw my bat on the ground next to some debris that had fallen on me. I also realized that there was a strong stench in the kitchen. I followed it towards a wall where I saw a crack that was covered up by some fresh paint. It smelled of honey and gasoline.

I coughed after inhaling too much, my vision blurring a little as I stumbled over to my bedroom. The door was open. Aside from some bloody clumps of hair, Hades was no where to be seen. I don't know if I was exaggerating earlier, but only half of the things that were on shelves had fallen on the ground. But the door was wide open.

And outside, lied a mutilated corpse.

"S-Sophie?"

I wobbled over to the body, my legs giving up half way. I crawled towards the body to get a closer look, but I just couldn't make out a face, let alone a body type, with all the blood, entrails and the contorted tearing of the face. It didn't help that my vision was also going in and out.

Suddenly, I heard a voice ahead.

"Where's my boy, Phillis?... Where's my boy, Phillis?... Where's my boy, Phillis?..."

There was a man, roughly middle aged, facing a door repeating the same thing over and over again. It looked like he was trying to walk through the door somehow, his legs pushing his body flat into it. I turned as I remembered there was screaming earlier.

There was still screaming alright. Everyone was screaming.

Across the complex, there were people partially mutilated, yelling and screaming random words over and over again. Some were walking back and forth, some were hanging off the balcony, some even fell off the balcony. Men, women and children, just screaming and repeating the same things over and over again.

I barely managed to get myself up as I stumbled towards the stairway, slowly making my way down to the ground floor and stepping out into the sunlight. I took a few steps forward to another individual who had their arm raised over and behind their head, fiercely beating the back of the neck to the point where the nails were ripping out flesh. I wanted to ask what was going on.

"S-Sophie?" I said.

"S-Sophie???" I said again.

I couldn't speak any other words. I was losing track of my thoughts. My motor skills were all over the place. Sometimes I could feel my limbs, sometimes I couldn't feel anything. I felt almost like a puppet on strings. I tried to force myself to walk, but ended up tripping over my feet and onto the ground. I saw in front of me a bunch of dirt and grass and out of a knee jerk reaction, started shoveling it into my mouth, chewing and crunching the dirt and rocks.

Blood was coming out of my mouth. There was glass in it too.

I don't know why I had no control, but I dreaded every minute of it. I kept saying 'Sophie' over and over through the dirt and glass, but in my head I was screaming for god to kill me.

Car doors slammed shut and out of the corner of my eye, I saw white blotchy figures, shining from the suns rays, heading towards me. They grabbed my arm, wiped the dirt from my mouth and put a mask on my face. Before I passed out, I realized they were all wearing hazmat suits.

I woke up in a room of ice cream white walls, tied to medical bed. There were needles and tubes inside me. I didn't have the strength to get up, let alone move. Eventually the nurses and a doctor came in. They were saying so much that I couldn't quite make it all out. It seemed they were just checking my vitals and making sure I was ok.

Another man came into the room shortly after. He wore a black suit and tie and was holding a folder. He asked for everyone to leave after they were done double checking everything about me. He sat in a chair next to me, looking down at me with what I could only describe as pity.

"If you can speak, I would very much like to talk to you." He kept the folder in his lap, placing a hand on it so as to not let it slip out.

"S-... So-..." I had to concentrate.

"... S-So-o..."

"That's quite alright, son", he sighed, disappointingly.

He opened the folder and pulled out some pictures. "All I need from you is to either nod for yes or shake for no. Can you do that for me?"

I nodded.

"Alright then." He put one of the pictures in front of my face. "Do you recognize this person at all?"

There was a little girl on it. She wore a red and white polka dotted dress and was smiling. I shook my head.

He briefly blew air out of his nose. He held another pictures to me. "How about this person?"

A man right around my age. He had long, slicked back hair. Wore a biker jacket and sunglasses and was smoking a cigarette outside a bar. I shook my head.

He went on to show me more and more pictures of people I didn't know. Until he got to one picture. He showed me a picture of Sophie. She was standing outside of an apartment complex with a cellphone in her hand. I nodded.

"Excellent", he took the pictures back and stood up. "I know you must have a lot of questions, but I assure you that the only thing that matters right now is your own well being. We don't know exactly how long it'll take to get you fully recovered, but everyone here is top of the line certified." He pat my shoulder. "You rest easy there, son."

That's exactly what I did. I stayed in that bed for weeks, trying to get my body to move and function the way it could before. They had me take these sort of aptitude like tests to try to get me to say things like "Dog" or "Cat". I just couldn't say anything at the time.

I finally had shown some progress towards the end of the month. I was speaking almost completely normally, despite some stuttering here and there. I could also move my arms and hold about the weight of a small box of marbles.

As time went by, I managed to get the strength back to even walk around, albeit poorly, with an IV bag stand. It took me awhile to get around, but fortunately I managed to make my way over to where they had hidden my clothes and items. I plucked out my cell phone and just barely managed to sneak off with it before anyone could find out.

As I was writing this whole thing out, the man in black had come back to visit me once again, folder in hand and everything. He sat in the same chair next to me.

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

"G-good eno-nough", I replied.

He smiled lightly and looked down, grabbing a couple of pictures from the folder and laying them on my lap. They were all pictures of Sophie.

"We have multiple witness testimonies saying that she was here when the gas leak occurred", he said. "Some even say she would come by to your place for a visit every now and again."

I looked up at him. "Wh-... Wher-ere-"

"That we do not know, son", he interjected. "We were hoping you could tell us that."

I shook my head.

"She's been missing for awhile now. We've been putting on a full investigation to find the victims that had been around the area at the time of the gas leak. They could be suffering from neurotoxicity, delusions, lack of motor skill functions..." He put the photo back into the folder and pulled out another one. "... Deformations..."

I gagged when I saw it. A blob-like pile of human flesh, bone, hair and organs all merged into one, puncturing out and over each other. Faces twisted and assimilated together, some eyes connected into one another with multiple pupils forming. I closed my eyes and looked away from the picture.

The man put it back into his folder.

"The doctors are gonna have a word with you now." He stood from his chair and walked towards the door. "I can only hope it'll be good news at this point."

Thoughts raced inside my head as the doctors made their way to me. Was I going to become that? Did Sophie become that? What about Hades? What kind of gas leak could possibly do this??

The cells in me are stable for now, but they could also likely grow at a rapid rate similar to that of cancer cells in every part of my body.

I don't know what they're going to do to me and I don't know how long I have left to live for.

Just know this.

Never go to East Holmes Apartments.

[Witness Account #2](
Title: 10 minutes ’til I die

“10 minutes.” The text arrived from an unknown number.

*What the hell?* I thought, balancing the cup of coffee in my left hand and my phone in the other.

The time was just shy of 7 am. It was the early morning commute in one of the biggest cities in America. My boss was waiting…

I dashed past the pawn shop. Stopped at a busy street corner. Cars whirred by, oblivious to us pedestrians.

“Don’t forget my latte!” Mrs. Platt had screamed at me the other day. “And don’t be late!”

*I’ll do my best,* I’d thought.

“9 minutes.”

*Huh?*

I ignored the text, waited for the crosswalk to change. *Why’d the cafe have to be so far away?!*

“R u coming?” A co-worker, Ben, messaged me.

“Yes. Almost there.”

The person next to me sneezed and I glanced up at the office building… only a few blocks away.

*Come on, crosswalk! Change!*

“8 minutes.”

*Seriously?!* “Who is this?”

“Your guardian angel. ;)”

“Leave me alone!” I blocked the number, stepped into the street as the crosswalk changed. I reached the opposite sidewalk.

Up ahead, the glittering tower of ***** Wealth Management awaited me. I’d worked so hard to secure this position. Platt was one of the wealthiest investment bankers in all of America. If I succeeded in this role, I could get a job anywhere.

I made it to the revolving doors, waved to the security guard.

“Morning, Moe.”

“Morning, Triss.”

*I like Moe. He’s nice to me.*

I stepped into the lobby. A mob of stressed-out PAs and interns filtered past, each desperate to prove their worth.

“5 minutes.” My phone buzzed.

*Damn bots…* My thumbs raced across the screen. “Stop texting me or I’ll call the police!”

I filed through the metal detector and progressed toward the elevators. It was like cutting through Tokyo traffic.

“Triss!” A voice hissed behind me.

I turned to see Ben, the resident East-coaster who had always managed to talk down to me.

“What’s taking you?”

“I got held up at the cafe.” He reached for the drink, but I stepped back. “I’ll bring it up.”

“Better do it quick. She’s about to start her meeting.”

*Ding.* Another text. “Time’s almost up.”

*Who is this?!*

I was so confused. If this was a scammer, how were they able to message me after I’d blocked their number?

“Everything okay?” Ben prodded.

“Yeah… I just keep getting these weird messages. I think someone’s hacked my phone.”

“Better figure that out. If your phone goes off in our meeting, Platt’ll kill you.”

I blocked the new number and followed Ben to the elevators. I wondered if one of the interns was the culprit. There were a few I recognized from casual visits at the bar. There was Paul, the transplant from Wisconsin. And Dessi, the overachiever from Harvard. But they didn’t know me enough to harass me, right?

*Ding.* The elevator arrow lit up and a collective sigh exited our lungs.

Another text.

“Get on your knees… right now…”

*What?*

“Do it… or die…”

I swiveled my gaze. About twenty of us were packed together, desperate to pile into the approaching elevator.

One of the interns, Vanessa, who I’d gone out with, eyed her phone, then looked up fearfully and knelt.

I wasn’t sure why, but out of instinct, I did the same. There was something about seeing her fulfill that action that compelled me to obey.

I didn’t even look up when I heard the first scream.

***

I still don’t know what happened. But when the elevator doors opened, something came out.

“Jesus!” “What the hell?!” “Ahh!”

I fell flat as bodies stampeded me. A woman’s heel bit into the back of my hand. A man’s knee collided into my spine. I gasped, feeling my bones crack as bodies trampled over me.

There was a gunshot. A loud squeal. And a thump.

I opened my eyes to see Moe, the security guard, white-knuckling his gun. Horror etched onto his face.

“My god… what… is that…”

Piled among the bodies was a bat-like creature, drenched in blood. Long incisor-like teeth jutted from its gaping mouth.

“You hurt?” He asked, pulling me up.

“No…” I wiped blood from my brow. “At least… I don’t think so…”

Another *ding* alerted me to my phone.

“Round 1 complete. Next 10 minutes will begin. ;)”
Title: I Am Being Followed

I always have been followed. Not by one which could be called monstrous by any means. At least that’s my hope. The sidewalk feels like a never ending flood of humans, and I was only focused on one. If it were grotesque, then someone would stop to scream or to gawk. The rest of humanity would show some semblance of seeing this entity. I would hear the hitting of cars and gunshots ringing from squad cars. No. I am being followed by someone so close to being human; it irks me. They carry my own face. 

The orange hued hand halted my journey. My own hands lazily grip the weathered handle of my well-worn umbrella. Rain beat the ground in an almost beautiful pattern. Each drop splattered to the ground to crash into another. The glossy ground is covered by the clear liquid. No. It was not clear. It was filled with the colors of passersby. There’s a blurred sense to reality reflected in each drizzle. My own vibrate polka dot umbrella’s colors mixed within the transposed space.I find myself staring into such a puddle until I catch a glimpse of my mirror. 

The splashing of feet distorts the image, but I know it’s there. My eyes divert from the beauty back to the walking man sign. I cannot stop. It doesn't stop. However, it is always there.

It’s not an exact mimic of me. In fact, it has taken many forms of myself throughout my life. Each time there’s a feature that feels so singular that I hold dear. Some days, it is the same shirt. Other days, it is the same hair clip. One day it was my own fingernails. Today, it took my face. It was almost as if I was looking at a twin. 

But I can’t look at it. I can only find a single tinge in the wet rain. I catch glimpses of it. Glimpses found in the mirroring rain or when I look over my shoulder.  While it may seem unnoticeable, there’s little things to your own face that make up you. The only reason I know that it took my face today was the smile lines and scars from a bump in my childhood over my left eye brow. I only saw it for a second but knew that it was following me. 

There were some days that I would think I had some reprieve of this entity. There were days where I couldn’t feel anyone’s eyes on me. It became a dull feeling almost like silence is in a filled room. 

I’ve gotten over the feeling of being followed many, many years ago. It’s my shadow. I hold it dearly; yet, it sends prickles down my spine at every contact. They never pass me. If I am still, so are they. I ride in a car; they are only a few cars down in the car seat of a young child.

It is an empty husk of someone, and I know it is following me. Today has been one of the most demanding of the entity. It has followed so closely that I feel my umbrella brushing against it. A hand could wrap itself around my throat and choke each desperate scream for it to leave me alone. All would be meaningless. It has no purpose but to follow me. I am being followed. I wish I knew what it was and why it was following me.
Title: There's a Body in the Sink (Part Two)

[All Parts]( | [Part 1](

In the few months I had been in Bonifacio Grove, I had barely filled my room with the detritus of daily life. That made it easy to pack everything I owned back into my two suitcases and lug those into the hallway. I nearly bumped into Elise as I descended the stairs; she squeaked and scurried back from our almost-collision, clutching the strap of her duffel bag tight as she did.

Her terrified eyes lifted to mine. I glanced at her luggage and nodded in silent understanding. There was nothing to be gained from us staying in a house that regurgitated corpse heads up its sink.

The first floor was a chaotic chorus: Charles and Leo cursed as they gathered their own things, Sam was on the landline calling the cops, Anika shouted prayers and rebukes in the kitchen—Dominic watched her from the hallway, arms crossed and a frown set deep on his face. He turned as Elise and I passed him. “Where are you two going?”

“Out,” I said. “We’re leaving.”

*“Wait!”* Charles yelped as he dashed out his unit, a bag in tow. Leo tripped into the open right after him. “I’m going with you, I’m not staying here.”

I nodded—it was good to see that everyone was keeping their common sense about them—then turned to Dominic: “You coming with?”

Dominic glowered. “All my money went into rent, I can’t afford to go anywhere right now.”

My earlier irritation returned—just briefly, before I clicked my tongue and forced myself to relax. If I let my frustration get the best of me, I’d be no better than Dominic and his caustic temperament. “I’ll pay for it. Get your stuff.”

The man blinked, then grinned and bolted to his room.

“Anika, Sam!” I called out. “Let’s go.”

*“I rebuke the spirit that has come upon the house!”* Anika shouted back instead. *“For I have been given the power to trample on snakes and scorpions, and to overcome the enemy. I won’t let this mockery of my faith drive me out.”*

I paused in surprise. Charles dragged a hand over his face. “Let’s just *go,* man, religious nuts like her never listen to people.”

“But—”

“We need to *get out of here.”* He grabbed my sleeve. “We don’t know when the next freaky thing is gonna happen—do you really want to risk being here a second longer than we have to?”

My mouth pinched. I didn’t know my housemates that well, so I hadn’t considered one of us would deliberately stay in a situation like this. Ideally, all of us should leave, but Charles was right. We didn’t have the time to convince Anika when things could get worse any second.

I swallowed my trepidation and headed for the living room. “Sam?”

Sam looked up from where he was bowed over the landline, one hand holding the phone to his ear, the other fidgeting with the cord. He smiled uneasily and pressed the phone to his shoulder so it wouldn’t pick up his voice. “I’m just calling people to sort this out,” he said; a strange thing to say, I hadn’t asked for justifications on what he was doing. Maybe it was a habit of his, to constantly explain himself. “I don’t think it’s anything supernatural, I think it’s just…”

“A fucking head appeared in our sink, man!” Leo sprinted to my side. “How the hell do you think that got there? You think it just got swept up the drain?”

Sam’s smiled faltered. His knuckles bleached white as his grip on the phone and cord tightened.

“It looks—” Leo choked up. “It looks like my dead brother…you can’t explain that—”

“No, it’s doesn’t,” Dominic cut in as he emerged from his room, backpack in hand. “It…” He clenched his jaw, hard enough that I could see the veins on his throat. He looked away and put a hand over his mouth. “It looks like my dad.”

“No?” Leo frowned. “It’s a kid’s head. How the hell does it look like your dad?”

“What are you two *talking about?”* Sam asked this time, eyes blown wide. His stare was on me, but it was glazed, distant. “It doesn’t look like some grown man, that’s my little cousin.”

…something was wrong. I turned to Elise, who stood at the end of the hallway and was twisting the hem of her sweater. She sported Dominic’s same queasy look, trembling so hard she looked like she was going to collapse at any moment.

“Elise,” I called gently. “What…what do you see in the sink?”

She drew her shoulders up. Bracing, I realized, much like I did whenever I expected to get hit. “…my mother,” she said. “What…what do *you* see?”

My lips flattened to a thin line. Then, after a moment: “My little sister.”

My dead little sister, who passed years and years ago and had to have a closed casket funeral, and who apparently appeared as other people to my housemates. Maybe it wasn’t her haunting me then, maybe this was something else, something that exhumed things from the depths of our pasts, things that made us pale and tremble and shake and look like we were about to be sick.

The realization seemed to hit the others at the same time it did me. Charles swore under his breath. Dominic ran a hand through his hair and hissed: “Oh, Jesus fucking Christ.”

“We *have* to get out of here,” Leo hissed, then turned to Sam. *“Now.”*

This time, the man didn’t protest. He put the phone down and nodded.

All six of us left the house and headed for the bus stop. All the streetlights surrounding the tiny shed were busted, and the nearby bakery was closed, so we had to turn on our phones’ flashlights to find our seats.

I sagged into the plastic chair as soon as I sat down. Despite my relative levelheadedness in leading the others out, there was still a weight between my eyes and a woozy, light-headed quality to my awareness. Now that the adrenaline was dying down, the discomfort shoved itself to the forefront of my mind. I hung my head between my knees.

At least the road was void of screeching cars. Nothing to worsen my headache. The lack of traffic was unusual for Manila—the city was even more congested than Cebu—but Bonifacio Grove’s highway had always been strangely barren. The only vehicles I had ever seen pass were the scheduled public transport. Most of the time, the street was abandoned.

“Ryan.” Elise shook my shoulder. “The bus is here.”

I looked up. Pale blue light washed over us as the bus doors hissed open. I squinted at the sudden brightness.

The six of us got up and boarded, with me climbing dead last. The bus was completely empty, so the others fanned out and grabbed seats at their leisure, not bothering to stick close—save for Elise, who snatched my arm and turned me around so I was facing her.

She motioned to her forehead. “Did you hit your head somewhere?”

I blinked. “What?”

“You’re bleeding.”

I reached up. My hand caught something sticky, warm, and wet between my eyes. When I pulled it back, my fingertips were stained.

In the bus interior’s sickly blue light, my blood looked black. I shakily scrubbed the rest of it off my brow, and wiped my hands clean on my jeans.

“It’s fine,” I lied. “I must have hit my head somewhere on our way out. We were in a hurry.”

\-

The rain came shortly after the bus began its lonely glide out of Bonifacio Grove’s neighborhood. Since I sat at a window seat at the very back, I pulled my window closed before I could get drenched by the downpour. The others sitting scattered rows away from me did the same to theirs; Sam stood and closed the rest of the unused windows.

“What do you think it is?” Charles suddenly asked. Even with the white noise of the rainfall outside, his voice easily carried in the empty bus.

“What, the storm or something?” Sam asked as he returned to his seat. “It always rains here.”

“No, I meant…” I could only see the back of Charles’ head, but the slight crack in his voice gave away his fear. “The thing. In the sink. What do you think it is?”

For a minute or so, we only had the storm to fill the quiet. Then, Dominic huffed. “Some haunted bullshit.”

“Why do we all see different things, then?” Leo, sitting up front, angled his body so he was facing the rest of us. “I mean, Ryan’s seeing his sister, Sam’s seeing his cousin…if it was a ghost, you’d think we’d all see the same thing, ‘cause it’s stuck there and haunting the place.”

“What, you suddenly an expert on hauntings, now?” Dominic crossed his arms. “Didn’t know there was a canonized body of knowledge for the supernatural.”

Leo opened his mouth, paused, then tilted his head in a *Yeah, you have a point* gesture, and nodded in acquiescence.

“Us seeing different things’s probably got something to do with it, though, right? Whatever’s going on in that house.” Charles ducked his head and rubbed his nape. “Then again, we’ve got no idea what the hell was going on in there, anyway.”

“Maybe something’s tying them together, all the people we’re seeing.” Sam similarly turned in his seat to face everyone else. He had that empty, but friendly smile on his face again. That seemed to be his default state, constantly trying to look as harmless as possible. “Something they all have in common that…whatever’s happening is making them appear to us.”

Another awkward silence in the bus.

Dominic shifted in his seat. My, uh. My old man kicked the bucket last year.” A pause. “Had a stroke and fell off the balcony. Leo mentioned that his brother was dead too, so maybe that’s—you know.” He clicked his tongue, then slid his attention to Leo like he was waiting for him to back up that statement up.

“…my brother got shot when we were in high school,” Leo admitted, shoulders hiking up. “The cops were doing a drug raid around the neighborhood, and he was at the wrong place at the wrong time. They thought he was involved, tried to arrest him; he ran and…”

He trailed off and stayed quiet. Dominic grunted and turned to the rest of us, stare landing on me, then Elise, then Sam. It stayed there, and Sam’s smile twitched to something tense, before it wilted completely.

“It was an accident,” he said. “We were just kids. Her mom had to run back to the store real quick and told us to wait outside. This van suddenly swerved into the sidewalk and I got scared and jumped away, forgot to grab her with me ‘cause I got startled.”

My stomach dropped. Even before Elise said her piece, I already knew the image of her haunting would already be dead as well. I searched for where she sat ahead of me, and when our gazes met, her shoulders slumped. She wiped her eyes with the heel of her palm. “My mom died of lung cancer.”

“…my little sister passed too,” I said, quietly. “When our town got hit with a bad storm.”

“So we’re all seeing dead people.” Dominic nodded with another grunt and turned to our last member. “What’d you see, Charles? You didn’t mention it back at the house.”

In the brief moment I’d listened to the others, I’d looked away from Charles. His back was still to me, so I couldn’t see his face, but I could hear his quick and shallow breaths over the sound of the rain, and see the violent trembling of his shoulders.

Sam got up and approached him. “You alright, man?”

He made a noise, as if attempting to answer but failing miserably to do anything but croak out something strangled. His hands leapt and grabbed the back of the seat in front of him, nails digging into the foam.

*“Me,”* he wheezed out, after a long, shaking moment. “Me, I saw *me.* My dead face.”

He swayed to his feet—to do what, I didn’t know—but lost balance and listed sideways into the wall. His shoulder hit the metal surface, but he didn’t even grunt in pain.

“I’m *alive,”* he said, curling into himself like a dying insect. “I’m alive, I didn’t die in…in some horrible storm, or an accident, or got sick or…”

He straightened abruptly, then looked at each of us with a feverish terror in his eyes. “I’m alive—right?” he asked. The desperation in his voice made my own hands shake. “I’m not dead. This isn’t some fucked up afterlife I’m imagining. *Right?”*

“Of course.” Sam slowly neared him, hands held up. When Charles didn’t react, he placed his palms on the man’s shoulders and guided him back to his seat. “Of course you’re alive, Charles. Otherwise, we’d all be dead too.”

I swallowed and dug my nails into the meat of my hands. The cut of keratin against flesh hurt—as it should, because I was alive, I was real, I wasn’t some ghost blindly wandering, dreaming that it was still alive.

\-

The others and I stopped by five inns before we found one with a vacancy. A singular one with two beds, but nobody protested when I suggested we all sleep at whatever spot we could snag. Even Dominic just grunted and followed everyone to the room.

Elise claimed the bed closest to the door, while Dominic claimed the other. Leo shot him a side-eye, but shook his head and picked a corner to place his luggage in. Sam and Charles chose random spots to sit on and stretch their legs. I nudged the door shut with my foot and—

—looked up to find myself back in the Bonifacio Grove’s living room. The corner where Leo put his things in was now the corner where the shelves met at an angle. Sam and Charles sat on liquor brown floorboards instead of the inn’s teal vinyl floormat. Elise laid on one of the couches while Dominic laid on another.

*“Forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those that trespass against us,”* Anika’s voice droned from the kitchen. *“And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.”*

In my periphery, Elise brought a hand to her mouth to muffle a sob.

*“For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory…”*

\-

We marched out of the house to find someplace else to stay three more times. Each time, we reached an inn, got a room, piled inside—and the moment the door closed behind us, we were back in Bonifacio Grove. After the third time, none of us bothered to pick up our luggage. Instead, we all sat on the couches and exhaustedly spaced out. I picked a window to target my thousand-yard stare at.

I was halfway asleep when Anika ceased praying in the kitchen and graced the doorway. “The cops came by earlier to check Sam’s call. I pointed them to the sink.” Her lips pursed. “They couldn’t see the head.”

…shit. I tiredly turned to properly look at her. She had her arms crossed and her eyes narrowed at the floor.

“They couldn’t see anything at all. They yelled at me for calling them about an empty sink.” She dragged her glare back up at each of us. “I had to suffer through that since you were all afraid. It’s just demons playing tricks on us. Nothing to be scared of when you have faith.”

I’ve never been a religious man. That was more of my mother’s thing. She went to church every Sunday, brought her tithes, sat in Bible studies, and volunteered in outreach ministries. The night the doctor told her my father’s kidneys had failed and it wouldn’t be long until he died, she sat by his hospital bed and prayed for his miraculous healing until morning. The next day, she went home for an hour to rest, then returned and prayed some more.

*“It is moments like these when it is crucial that we have faith,”* she told me.

The day after that, Father died. She cried harder than I had ever seen her, harder than when Father beat her so bad she couldn’t see out of her left eye for weeks. I couldn’t tell if her grief was because her husband had died or because God didn’t answer her.

“I’m going to call my pastor tomorrow,” Anika said. “This isn’t something that can be solved by leaving the house or calling the cops. This is spiritual warfare.”

“Will he be able to help?” Leo croaked out; he was sprawled over one of the single-seaters, arm slung over his eyes. “Can he do an exorcism or something?”

Anika scowled. “Don’t mock the children of God, Leo.”

“I wasn’t…” The rest of Leo’s defense sank into the muddy fog of my fatigue. The world faded, the lights dimmed, sound vanished as sleep pulled me under and left me dead to the world.

I awoke in the middle of an empty, run-down church. A dusty, broken altar stood up ahead; faded stained glass windows loomed tall behind it—the sunset streaming through them painted the church interior in fiery swaths of red.

At the front, Eyeless Mary twirled and danced. The light above her stained the pale colors of her robes scarlet. “Ryan.” She smiled. “Dance with me, will you?”

I scrambled away from the illuminated parts of the floor, shoes skidding and squeaking from how fast I backed into the shadows. I was glad for their unnatural darkness for once. The moment I stepped into them, I lost sight of my own hands, my own feet. I seemed to blend into the black; if not for the fact that I could still see and blink, I would have thought I’d lost my body to the dark.

Mary abruptly stopped dancing. Her arms dropped like weights to her sides, and her chin thumped against her bloody collarbone. With her facing away from the light, her entire form was in silhouette. Pinpricks shone from the depths of her eye sockets.

*“Dance with me, boy!”* she barked, voice no longer gentle and delicate. It sounded scraped out of her throat, guttural and gravely. *“DANCE!”*

I turned to run—and ended up right at the front of the church with her. I backed away with a yelp, but Mary took my hands and laced out fingers together. She stepped to the side in the beginning of a waltz.

“That wasn’t so hard, was it?” she cooed while I tried to yank my hands away. Her grip was unshakeable. “Didn’t your mother ever teach you manners?”

“I’m not—” My feet slipped as she dragged me into a pivot, and I nearly faceplanted right into her gored-open chest. “I don’t even believe in you.”

“Yes, it was your dearest Papa who did.” Mary nodded. “I can hear him praying to me for help from Hell, you know?”

I reeled back in horror, as much as I could with my hands still in her hold. “What do you want from me?”

She finally let me go and lifted a bony finger toward the back of the church. I turned to see what she was pointing at, but as with my last dream, the shadows around me had somehow worsened, turned solid and inescapable.

“The water, Ryan,” Mary said. The sound of rushing water suddenly reached my ears, roaring when there had been silence before. “Have no faith, and it will destroy you; have blind faith, and it will consume you; nurture rage, and it will unmake you; nurture passivity, and it will crush you; run from it, and it will cage you; hide from it, and it will hide you.”

Slowly, dark water crept into the illuminated patches of the floor. It sloshed against the bottom of the church pews, flooded to where I stood until it wetted my sneakers.

Mary’s nails dug into my jaw. She wrenched me down so I was looking at her. “Do not drown.”

Then, she violently smashed her mouth against mine.

I screamed as the stench of decay assaulted my nose and rotting flesh pressed against my face—a mistake, as Mary parted her lips and vomited slimy, decaying blood down my throat. I coughed and beat my palms against her shoulders to push her away, but she remained immovable, and my thrashing only caused the blood to spill from my mouth and onto my shirt, my jeans, my shoes—

\-

I sat up from the couch I was sleeping on, eyes wide, sweat beading down my face. My mouth hurt and my throat burned; I could still feel the wet, slippery texture of half-coagulated blood sliding against my gums, could taste the sour rot of it on my tongue. I gagged.

“…you okay, man?”

I looked up, still breathing raggedly. Across from me, Leo was frozen hallway through bringing a mug of coffee to his lips.

“…yeah.” I lifted the collar of my shirt to wipe my face of sweat. “I’m fine. Just a bad dream.”

If Mary even was a dream. The human brain could conjure up the strangest things, awake or asleep, under pressure or free from it. Mary could be my subconscious trying to figure out an answer to the thing in the sink and the constant loop back to the house. Mary could just be the stress getting to me.

The thought was as convincing as my excuse to Elise when she found my head bleeding on the bus. This was something else, I just didn’t know what. And with how scared everyone already was, I didn’t know if I should tell them, especially when this seemed localized to me. Why burden them with something I could easily carry? Everyone was dealing with enough shit.

Leo and I stared at each other awkwardly for a minute or so. Eventually, the man cleared his throat and took a sip of his drink. “Anika says her pastor’s gonna be here at ten,” he said. “So, um…you got thirty minutes to look presentable for guests, I guess. If you care about that sort of thing.”

“Thirty…?” I looked to the clock mounted above the television. True to Leo’s word, it was half an hour to ten o’clock—less, with the minute hand already two minutes past six. “Shit.”

“Sorry.” Leo winced. “We let you sleep ‘cause you looked really out of it.”

“S’fine.” I reached up to try and massage the tightness building in my forehead. It didn’t work. I groaned. “Anything else I gotta know before my thirty minutes are up?”

“Elise left.” Leo motioned his mug to the doorway. “Four times, actually. Ended up right back here each time. She’s out for her fifth attempt, but I don’t think that’s gonna do her any good.” He dropped his mug back to his lap and traced the handle with his thumb. “This house really wants us here, for some reason.”

He stiffened, abruptly, like he’d just had cold water thrown on him and it’d shocked him awake. He took a long sip of his drink.

“Sorry.” He grimaced. “I don’t know why I said that. That made it sound like this place is alive.”

\-

[Part Two](
Title: My job was to sort letters to Santa. There was only one rule.

[Part I](

———

The days started stacking on top of each other in a way that didn’t feel linear anymore, like time itself was bending around whatever had crawled into my life. 

By Day 10, I was waking up with my jaw clenched so tight I swear my teeth were loosening, and every night I swore I heard it breathing somewhere in the house, slow and steady, like it was syncing itself to my heartbeat. 

The letters kept coming, each written in that same jittery ink that smelled faintly metallic, each one announcing the next “day” of whatever countdown I had apparently been enrolled in without consent. 

My brother’s voice kept looping in my head—his anger, the way he shoved the letter back at me and told me I was inventing things again, that I was slipping. 

After he kicked me out, I had tried not to think about him or the stupid stocking tucked into my coat pocket, the one I bought weeks ago for my nephew because he still believed in the kind of Christmas magic I never got to keep. 

Holding the stocking had become a nervous habit, something I’d do without realizing, rubbing my thumb over his crooked embroidered name like I could rub luck into myself by force.

Day 11 passed with the thing sitting cross-legged at the foot of my bed all night, its limbs too long, its posture too still, like a marionette someone forgot to animate. I didn’t sleep. 

On Day 12, it followed me from room to room without sound, always stopping just a few feet behind me, always tilting its head as if studying the back of my skull. By then the air inside the house felt thick, almost syrupy, and every time I exhaled I could see the fog of my breath drifting in front of me. It wasn’t winter cold. It was something else. A purposeful cold. A cold with intent.

Day 13 began without the usual letter shoved under the door. The house was dead silent, but the kind of silence that hums, as if something bigger than the building is holding its breath. I walked through the house slowly, trying to pretend I wasn’t expecting to see it, but some part of me knew I would. 

I ended up in the living room, and at first I thought the tree lights were flickering because of faulty wiring, but the longer I stared, the more I realized the glow was reacting to something standing in front of it. 

The creature had always been a shapeless, hunched mass in the dark, but now it looked different—more defined, more deliberate. Its horns scraped the ceiling, its body cast no shadow, and the air around it trembled faintly like heat waves rising from asphalt. 

It didn’t move toward me. It simply lifted one long arm and opened its palm, as smooth and silent as a stage magician beginning a trick. I felt the meaning in my bones before my brain even interpreted it. It wasn’t threatening me. It was asking. It wanted a gift.

Something about the gesture, the posture, the timing—it felt like a warped parody of Christmas tradition, and some deep, primitive part of me knew defying it would end things violently and quickly. 

My hands shook as I fumbled inside my coat, fingers brushing soft felt. The stocking. My nephew’s stocking. The one I had carried around for too long because mailing it felt like admitting I was done trying to fix things with my brother. 

When I pulled it out, the creature leaned forward slightly, not with hunger or aggression, but with a childlike expectancy that made my stomach twist. I extended my arm, the stocking dangling from my fingertips, and the creature’s hand closed around it so gently I almost imagined warmth in its touch. It drew back slowly, curled its long fingers inward, and for a moment everything went still.

It held up its hands as if to show me something, and then when it opened its hands the stocking was gone. Like some kind of fucked up magic trick.

No fading. No dissolving. No burn mark. Just gone, like it had never existed at all. The creature dipped its head, a gesture that might have been gratitude or acknowledgment or mockery, and then stepped backward into the dark corner behind the tree. 

The darkness swallowed it whole without even a ripple, and the house felt lighter for half a second before I realized the air wasn’t warming back up. Whatever rule I had followed, whatever bargain I had participated in, it hadn’t been a relief. It had been completed.

I made it through the night. I stayed awake until morning, waiting for the next letter, waiting for the next day to tell me what came after thirteen, but nothing arrived. Instead, just after dawn, my phone rang, and the number on the screen turned my stomach to stone. My brother never called me. Ever. 

Especially after what he thought I did.

“Hello?” I answered, bracing myself out of habit. I expected anger or that exhausted frustration, but what came through the speaker wasn’t anything like that. It was breathing—ragged, panicked, fast.

“Are you—are you awake?” my brother asked. His voice cracked on the last word.

“Yeah,” I said, sitting up. “What’s going on? Are you hurt?”

“No,” he said quickly, then corrected himself with a trembling inhale. “No, I’m not. But he’s gone.”

My stomach tightened. “Who’s gone?”

“My son!” he shouted, but it wasn’t anger—it was terror folding in on itself. I heard a door slam somewhere behind him, people talking, maybe police radios. “He’s not in his bed, he’s not anywhere in the house, he—he’s just not here!”

“What do you mean he’s not there?” I asked, trying to keep my voice level even as a cold pulse went through my spine. “Did he sneak outside? Did you check the neighbors’ yards?”

“You’re not listening,” he said, words shaking violently. “His door was locked from the inside. I had to open it myself this morning. His window’s shut, the screen is intact, nothing’s moved. He’s just gone. Like he disappeared out of thin air.”

My fingers went numb around the phone. “Did you call the cops? What did Delilah say?”

“They’re here, and Delilah hasn’t been able to get out of bed in a few weeks, but that’s not the point.” he said, exhaling shakily. “They’re doing a search, but—God, I can’t—none of this makes sense.”

I heard him pacing, footsteps uneven across the hardwood. He wasn’t a crier, not even at the funeral for our dad, but now I could hear tears breaking through his breathing. 

“He fell asleep holding that stupid stocking,” he said hoarsely. “The one with his name stitched on it. He would not let it go. He said he wanted to wake up with it.”

The world around me felt like it shrank, like something was tightening around my ribs one inch at a time.

“He had it?” I asked. “Last night?”

“Yes, last night,” he said, almost pleading for me to understand something he couldn’t articulate. “I tucked him in. He was clutching it to his chest. I checked on him around midnight and he was still holding it. And now—” His voice broke again. “Now the stocking’s gone too. I thought maybe he dropped it somewhere, but it’s nowhere. I don’t understand. Nothing is disturbed. Nothing.”

The room seemed to tilt. I felt myself lowering onto the arm of the couch without meaning to. The stocking. His name. The long, pale hand closing around it. The vanishing. The bow. The exchange.

My brother kept talking, but his words sounded distant, muffled, like I was submerged underwater. “They think maybe he wandered off, but he wouldn’t. You know he wouldn’t. He hates the dark. He wouldn’t leave that room without calling for me. I don’t know what to do.”

I pressed a hand to my forehead, trying to breathe through the crushing realization grinding its way into me. I couldn’t tell him. I couldn’t say anything. I couldn’t explain something I didn’t fully understand without sounding insane. And worse—I couldn’t confirm what I was starting to believe.

“I’m sorry,” I said quietly, forcing my voice to stay steady. “I’m so, so sorry. I’m here. Whatever you need, I’m here. Just… tell me what the police are saying. Tell me everything.”

He exhaled shakily, trying to hold himself together. “Just… just stay by your phone,” he said. “In case they need to talk to everyone in the family. I can’t—I can’t think straight right now.”

“I’m here,” I said again, but my throat felt tight and wrong.

When he hung up, I just sat there, staring at the corner of the living room where the creature had stood, where its shadow had swallowed the stocking whole.

I didn’t say it out loud.

I didn’t let the words form.

But somewhere deep in me, the truth settled with a sickening certainty.

The creature hadn’t taken an object.

It had taken the name it represented.

And on Day 13, I handed it over.
Title: Our Food Supply is Infested

It’s a common practice in the food industry – at least where I work – to not do your job perfectly. Just well enough that the customers don’t complain. At the same time, it’s easy for your subjective opinion of “good enough” to be skewed over time.

When I noticed the small, oblong black dots clustered in the strip of salmon I was filleting – I didn’t mention it to anyone. I looked at it, I took a slice between my fingers, I held it up to light… then excised with a pocketknife all parts where it was visible in the meat.

I work in a sushi restaurant. I’m a kitchen assistant. I make minimum wage, and work long hours. On this particular confinement, I was working a twelve-hour shift in the cramped, fluorescently lit back room.

We had started to exhaust our supply of prepared salmon. If we had been dealing with a rush of orders that would have been normal. But the reason we were almost out? Incompetence. It was another chef’s job and they had been taking their time. It wasn’t my problem and I didn’t care to make it mine. All I had to do was ride out the last few hours of my shift in the back room, trying to look busy.

“Brent,” someone called from behind me. I bit the inside of my cheek. I turned behind me to see Mack, standing in the kitchen doorway. He wore a black facemask, white hairnet, and the company uniform – black. His mask was pulled down, his disgusting, wiry stubble poking out of his oily chin like quills. He stared at me without expression, though I knew he was mocking me.

“We’re almost out of salmon,” he said. 
Now, it was my problem.

As I entered the kitchen, I situated myself at a chopping board shoved into a corner. Hints of spotted black mold saturated the walls and floor, but we called it sterile. Mack had been working here and was halfway finished before he abandoned his task and gave it to me.

I made one cut into the salmon when I saw them. Small, black dots.

They were arranged into clusters, thinning in quantity around the edges before another cluster began. Dots small enough to be considered dust, and at first I thought it was just that. My fingers brushed over the top of the meat. It had no effect on the clusters, which I now knew to be embedded inside.

My options were either notifying my boss or making do. I usually made do; it’s just standard practice. I tried – as best as I could – to trim off the sections of meat infested with the spheres. I remained with about six slices of fish, which would be free of the contaminant.

I layered the bottom of a small plastic bowl with paper towels and grabbed the first slice of salmon. The six slices of meat landed in the bowl with a soft smack. I clicked the lid into place, lifted the bowl, and carried it off to the line.

Trish was our supervisor for the day. She stood in a corner of the kitchen, rubbing her thumb on her cheek. Her facemask dangled off her ear, and her curly blonde hair was messily tucked into her hairnet. Her eyes traced over me as I set the container down. They had a way of roaming over me.

I set it in front of Mack so that he knew that I did what he asked of me. 
“Should’ve had that done ten minutes ago. I don’t know why you keep closing the bowls, you know I need to check it,” Mack said, clicking open the container. He took a morsel between his fingers and held it up to the light. “These are really sloppy.” The idiot did not know the state I had found them in, with what precision I trimmed the soft, firm meat.

Mack made a sushi roll with the salmon. 
I knew he was making it for himself because there were no tickets in the kitchen. I watched without comment as he arranged the sushi in a plastic container. I didn’t warn him when he clocked out for his break.

The motherfucker had pulled me off what I was doing to make him his lunch. The uncovered bowl remained on the work-station, the meat glistening as it caught the light. 
Were the remaining slices really clean?

I raised a slice of salmon to eye level. There were no discrepancies on the surface of the meat. I took it between my forefinger and thumb and squeezed. Though there was nothing visible on the disfigured meat’s surface, I could feel something hard under the surface. It felt very rough, like a tight bag of marbles.

There was another thing within me, little black dots of my own – dark spots of evil within my heart. I’ve been in bed with the sentiment all my life – I am not truly clean. I’ve been saying “dots” up until this point, though I knew well what I was looking at. 
Eggs. 
And I was protective.

The feeling horrified me at first – the pride I felt when I put the bowl of salmon into the freezer. How would this affect our productivity? 
Would they even know it was me?

I caught Trish’s gaze, still watching silently from the kitchen corner. Her eyes were weary but always had a subtle way of lighting up when they ran over my body.

I made myself comfortable at her side. She stood a few inches taller than me, still rubbing her thumb along her cheek.

“Having a good shift?” Trish chuckled, knowing full well that I wasn’t. Nobody is having a good shift during the last couple hours of a double. I knew she especially wasn’t. Her expression was friendly, as usual, but I could see her pupils were contracted. Her posture ever so subtly jittery.

We were at a party the night before and Trish had been a sight to behold. Arms long and bare. Her legs stretching from beneath a short black skirt, a headband sitting on her long, dark hair. What I saw now was a shell of that deity, tired and restless. If I was being honest, the main thing that made me admire her where I disliked Mack – she was pretty.

Trish knew how to party too. She was drinking herself into a hole last night, even though she knew she would be on her feet for twelve hours the next day. She came to work hungover. Judging by her eyes, by her posture, by her frequent bathroom breaks and her sniffling – she was coping with it using less-than-moral means. 
At the end of the day, she got through it.

I admired Trish for that, but I don’t know why she tolerated me the way she did. Every friend I have had has abruptly cut ties with me at some point or the other. At some point, it felt, they would see something undeniably abhorrent lurking under my skin. I would wonder – through lethargic days – what exactly had tipped them off. 
And every time, I would find something new to dislike in the mirror.

“I’m having a good shift,” I smiled at her. I’ve never been told I have the prettiest smile, but something about Trish made me comfortable. “Did you see that?”

Trish didn’t direct her attention to me. She kept looking out into the now empty kitchen. Her hand fell from her cheek and she crossed her arms. She chewed the inside of her cheek. 
“I’m guessing Mack made something to eat?”

I nodded, “Pulled me off what I was doing just to cut salmon, just for him.”

Trish laughed. “Well, he’s a special boy. Can’t be so harsh on him.”

“Special is one word for it.”

And at the end of the night, before we closed, before Trish would take me to the utility closet to tell me that I was beautiful, Mack said he was sorry.

We were sitting on the floor next to the register when he started. The moon hung bright in the night sky, sending its rays through the window and onto Mack’s face. “Brent,” he said. And to me, the apology was already over. “I’m sorry about earlier. It’s just—working a double, we’re all tired. I should’ve cut the salmon myself. In the moment, I just couldn’t be bothered.”

I smiled, I nodded, “It’s alright. I understand.” 
Scumbag. 
 
--- 
 

After the shift, I savoured the few hours I had to myself, then went to sleep to begin the cycle again. I woke up to the beginning of birdsong, put on my uniform, and drove to work.

At times, I did enjoy it – when the kitchen felt like a tight ship, when I felt like my work mattered. Those times had become more and more few and far between. Even when we worked like a well-oiled machine, I was reminded of my disdain for the people around me. I know that being self-aware doesn’t excuse me, but I think on some level – I wanted to see them hurt.

The restaurant sits in the midst of a shopping plaza, between a trendy clothing store and a clockmaker. In front of the restaurant was a large parking lot, with far more parking spaces than the run-down plaza could have needed, even in its heyday.

Apparently, when it was built, the owner had intended to make a large expansion. However, the plaza never really had much business. It wasn’t for a lack of trying. The plaza had extensive marketing, as well as its fair share of workshops and festivals. No matter how hard they tried, the plaza would see maybe fifty visitors in a week, and rumors began to float around that it was cursed.

The owner – whoever they were – their dreams of a broad, extensive shopping plaza were thrown to the wolves. SushiFresh was one of few stores still in operation there.

When I pulled into the parking lot that day, I noticed several off-white vans parked to the outer edge of the lot. I remember thinking that it was strange. It would have been the most people I had seen at the plaza in a long time.

I clocked in to work that day almost excited. Maybe all those people would decide to buy sushi, and we’d be occupied enough that I wouldn’t have to spend time talking to my coworkers or trying to look busy.

Trish was in the same spot I had seen her the day before, just after the front desk. She looked notably less energetic – irritated. Still, her eyes lit up when she saw me. I didn’t know how to feel.

Trish smiled at me, “Good to see you clock in today.” She gestured towards the backroom, further toward the bathroom. It was small, only one stall and a sink. “Mack’s in there. Seems under the weather today. You’ll be on the line.”

I found one order waiting for me. It was a Firework roll, requiring seared salmon, cream cheese and cucumbers. There was cream cheese and cucumbers already taken out. All I had to do was get the frozen salmon from the freezer. 
The frozen salmon which I suspected to be contaminated.

Trish watched me head to Mack’s spot, grabbing at his knife and bamboo board. He would have thrown a fit, but he was too occupied shitting his guts out. Maybe food poisoning really had taken him. Ha! Serves him right.

Trish’s eyes were following my every move. My shoulders, to my elbows, to my hands, to my fingertips. I was nervous. Trish was never unkind to me, never hostile. Still, I saw her expression when I came in today. Maybe she was dreading the second I’d push open the front door.

Coughing, from the bathroom. 
I uncovered the bowl of salmon. To the naked eye, inscrutable. To the sickly black tar that had nested in my heart? A resonance was found. I reached into the bowl, taking a thick slice of salmon between my index and thumb. The meat was slimy yet firm in my hand. It was like holding someone’s tongue. I could’ve sworn that I felt it pulse and throb, like a still-beating heart.

Wet coughing, from the bathroom. A small plastic object – maybe a bottle of soap – clattered to the floor. 
The stove had already been turned on, and waiting on top, a pan slicked with oil. The pan was already scorching, just waiting for something to be thrown in and seared.

A loud clatter, from the bathroom. It sounded more like Mack had fallen over. Trish broke her scrutiny of my actions to turn her head towards the noise.

I threw the salmon into the pan. Yes, there was the expected hiss of the meat searing – but beyond that, a sound not dissimilar from metal grinding against metal. Loud enough to obfuscate the hiss. A screech.

Many, many brown, shrimp-like insects burrowed out of the salmon. Long, needle-like antennae extended from their bulbous heads, and a single red stripe bisected their exoskeleton. They leaped from out the pan and skittered onto the walls in such quantity that it seemed impossible that just seconds before, they had been packed into the small slice of salmon. Their number was easily in the hundreds.

Trish’s head whipped around, and she shrieked as she saw the pandemonium of bugs swarming into the corners of the room. She backpedaled from the stove, swatting frantically at her arms and legs as the insects pounced from the walls and ran up her sleeves. One of the bugs made it all the way to her neck before it was crushed, leaving a reddish-brown stain.

“What the fuck!” I yelled. I looked to Trish for direction, and for a moment, she was paralyzed. I could see the fear, shock, and disgust in her eyes, shortly before she regained her composure. I had seen fear in the eyes of many of those I held dear.

And for a brief moment, it was cathartic to know that she was no different. 
Though she had looked at me with hungry eyes before, I knew she had seen something that wasn’t truly there. Now, she had seen proper.

“I—I need to make a call,” she stuttered. “Have the day off, I gotta get our pest control guy down here.” Trish threw open the sliding door and stepped out to the front desk, then tapped – with shaky hands – a number into our landline telephone.

Mack was still in the bathroom. Though the infestation was disgusting, he would be fine when he got out. Truth be told, I was happy to have the day off. I would have even sat among the bugs if it meant I could rest.

Several beams of light shot onto my chest the second I stepped out of the restaurant. Several people had emerged from the off-white trucks parked in a half-assed circle in the lot, and were now shining laser pointers at me.

“Get back into the restaurant!” a voice boomed from one of the vans. 
It only took me a second to realize what was happening. I had no plans of getting shot – the croaky voice startled me enough that I dived back into SushiFresh. Still, I can’t deny the frustration I felt. I wanted to clock out and go home.

Trish stared at me, then out the front glass. She put the landline back on the hook, slowly. Then pinched the bridge of her nose.

“This complex is being put under quarantine. You will remain in the nearest building until told otherwise!” 
Trish cursed under her breath.

I said, “Is the pest control guy on his way?”

She responded, “That’s them.” Trish reached into the front pocket of her apron to retrieve a shitty disposable vape. She took a long drag. “They’re always so fucking dramatic. Management insists on them. ‘90% success rate’.”

The sliding door to the kitchen remained closed, leaving no sign of the pandemonium of skittering insects in the room beyond. Trish followed my gaze. 
“Mack’s still in the bathroom?” I asked.

Trish nodded, “See if you can get him out here.”

The scene in the kitchen had only gotten worse. When the bugs lurking in the meat made their exodus, it set off a chain reaction in the pantry. They came creeping along every surface in the kitchen. They came from our coolers, our cupboards. Our pipes, our vents and our dreams.

The vent was always the loudest sound in the kitchen. A heavy, droning whir present almost at all times. Now, below the ambience I could make out a soft, yet wide clicking that seemed to come from everywhere. Below that, at the edge of my perception, I could hear their wailing.

They cried, they sang. It was a song inlaid with the sorrows of a musician who knew it well – they were lonely. It wasn’t their fault. They were born on the stove of a dirty kitchen, and I had given them the neglect necessary for it to happen. It was my fault. Yet I somehow felt that they deserved my scorn. 
Yes! I was revolted. I dry-heaved in my mask as I shut the door behind me. Even so, I cannot in good conscience say that revulsion was all I felt, even as I type this from my hospital bed.

My heart pounded in my chest as I pushed past the stove and headed toward the toilet. I tugged the door handle and pushed it open with a creak. Inside, the light flickered, illuminating toppled buckets and mops. A bottle of bleach had fallen and come open, spilled on the floor.

Mack stood facing away from me and towards the sink, deathly still. He must not have heard me open the door. “Mack! You need to come to the front. There’s an infestation of…” I trailed off.

Behind me, I could still hear the swarm chittering and clicking, climbing and leaping, hissing and sobbing. Mack was motionless, his knuckles white as he gripped the edges of the sink.

“Mack…?” I whispered. I took a step closer, resting a hand on his shoulder. As soon as I did so, his body twitched, and I recoiled backwards. He spun around and faced me.

Mack’s throat had burst through his own sternum and folded in on itself, erupting from his neck like a tangled ribbon. The soft, red rope of his GI tract was torn open. It spilled half-chewed food and bile onto the floor, which mixed with the bleach he had knocked over. A slow, steady drip of half-processed waste.

The damage was not relegated to his throat. His tongue had bloated into the kind of thing you’d tie a balloon animal with. It hung limply on his chin and puffed out his cheeks as it bloated almost all of the space in his mouth. Mack’s eyes bulged from their sockets. Pulsing, throbbing. They were bloodshot and crazed, yet behind them I could sense a heartbreaking pain.

Crawling from his torn GI tract, biting and hanging onto his face just like the stubble I so despised, were the same stiff-jointed insects that were infesting our pantry. 
And I was satisfied.

What could have made me hate him that much? Mack was never intentionally hostile. I had never confronted him about how much he bothered me. I know the reason for this well – I am a coward. I never saw a need to talk to him directly. Everyone is allowed their petty grudges.

I was satisfied. I was horrified. No matter how much I may have hated Mack, the sheer state he was in – his throat hanging out of his neck, his tongue about to pop – sent a cold shock through my system. He stumbled towards me. Whether he intended to do me harm or seek help, I do not know.

I jolted backwards, tripped over the raised step at the toilet’s entrance, and collided with a rack of utensils. Pots, bowls and covers crashed to the floor. I hit the back of my head on the rack, and had the wind knocked out of me.

There was no time to hurt. Breathless, I shot to my feet. Mack continued to stumble towards me, his arms outstretched and constricting and crawling with bugs. I backed up, trying to put as much distance between us as I could manage in the cramped kitchen.

Mack stopped moving. Then, he began to convulse. The piece of his throat that hung outside of his neck made a noise like a balloon deflating, the expulsion couldn't find its way to his stuffed mouth. A wet mass of the brown insects wriggled its way out of his torn throat, splattering against the floor with a damp smack. I could see every mass bulging within his GI tract before it came out.

By now, Trish had heard the commotion. She slid the door to the front open and came into the kitchen probably not knowing what to expect. The pantry was already swarming, and I imagine she had steeled herself before entering. But now she was face to face with me and Mack. Or what remained of him.

Mack vomited clump after clump of writhing brown bugs onto the moist kitchen floor. The newborns in each clump, once fallen, would remain stunned for a moment, then right themselves and skitter away as Mack’s eyes promised to pop out of his face with every mass dripping out of his throat.

Trish stared in horror, tears running down her cheeks. Her hands covered her mouth while she surely tried to settle her own stomach. Seizing the moment, I ran to her, took her by the hand, and led her to the utility closet. Just like she had led me so many times before.

The next few minutes have been on my mind ever since I woke up. 
The utility closet was where we kept most of our non-reusable kitchen supplies. Takeout boxes and chopsticks, detergent and sponges. Aside from a few stragglers that crawled through the cracks of the door, it was still sterile – by our standards.

Trish was slumped against the door, and I, right next to her. I could almost pretend that it was time to close the store. We had just finished for the night, and Trish was about to leave. 
With every crash and retch in the kitchen behind us, I knew that it was no such night.

Trish was taking deep breaths. In… out… in… out. She looked almost as helpless as I was, with her knees tight against her chest. 
“What the fuck happened?” she choked out.

“I don’t know! He was in the bathroom,” I replied. 
My hands found the soft fabric of my right pocket, and retrieved my knife. I depressed a button on the side. The blade traced a perfect semi-circle in the air, then clicked into place. Its edge was razor sharp, the grip already slick with sweat.

To leave the restaurant, we would need to leave the closet – we would need to find a way past Mack. Either way, I don’t know what I planned to do with the knife. If I had to get that close to Mack, then there was no doubt some of the bugs would find their way back to me. I shouldn’t have taken it out of my pocket at all.

“Well, he looked fine when he came in today,” Trish choked a sob back. 
For a moment, the air hung still. Trish eyed my knife.

Another crash rattled its way through the spaces in the door. Mack had, in his pain-blind rampage, pulled a shelf to the ground. Some cups clattered to the floor, some broke on impact – a sharp, ear-piercing noise. Mack wailed.

My heart skipped a beat. “I don’t know what you’re trying to say.” 
But I saw the black clusters lurking in the meat.

“It was just an observation; I’m not trying to say anything.” 
And how silent I was.

“Do you think this is my fault?” my voice was a whisper, guilty and withdrawn. 
I had to know this would happen, and I let it.

“What? Why would it be your fault?” Trish spat. 
My knuckles were white with exertion. I was a helpless little girl, clutching my last, selfish hope of making it out alive. All of this was my fault.

She shouldn’t know that.

“What did you do?” Trish’s eyes were manic now. I recognized them from every time I had gone drinking with her. This was a deity restored. Trish stopped her panicked breath, and a calm fell over her. She was deathly silent as she pushed me against the door, and straddled me. 
Her hands were a vice around my neck. Her nails dug into my skin as she showed me the hatred I always knew she harbored for me. And it was saccharine sweet.

“I couldn’t have known,” I sobbed. “Get off of me." 
I raised the knife, pressing its blade against Trish’s neck. “It wasn’t my fault. Say it.” 
The knife bit into her neck; razor-sharp, as I’ve said. The slightest pressure sent blood crawling down her skin. I looked into her eyes, they accused me – damned me – between my own pathetic strangled sobs and stolen breath.

“Say it!”

Trish grinned. “It’s not your fault.” 
Her grip on my throat tightened.

The blade carved through Trish’s throat like fish meat. A torrent of bright crimson fluid poured from her throat as Trish gurgled. Have you ever heard someone suffocate to death? Living creatures do not go quietly. They go fighting.

But Trish did not hit me. She did not fight. She made no effort to keep the blood from leaking out of her. She poured the last drops of her strength into her chokehold, her nails drawing blood from my own neck. I felt her grip leave her as her blood stained the blade, the floor, my clothes, and my conscience. Through teary eyes, I could see her smug smile fade, and the light leave her.

And it felt good.

I pushed the corpse off of me. It was human no longer, nor divine. Now, it was nothing but meat. I left it for the bugs. They would have me as well.

I don’t know what I did after I left the closet. I woke up in the hospital with several new holes in my body, shot five times while trying to leave.

SushiFresh was reduced to a brittle mess of ash and soot. Or so I was told. Either way, I’m out of a job.

The doctors here are nice, though I’ve always hated hospitals. I’ve received a handful of visits from members of the pest control team. They asked for my side of events. It was made known to me that silence was not an option.

And I lied through my teeth, lying back in my bed, under the influence of several painkillers. I told them Trish never came to work that day. I never noticed any contamination in the kitchen or in any supplies used.

At nights, I am occasionally roused by a dull, pulsing pain in the holes that run through my legs and torso. It feels like it spreads through more and more of my body as the nights crawl by. Sometimes, I can feel tickling under the bandages – under my skin. 
I just need someone to tell me it wasn’t my fault. I did my best. I’m sorry.
Title: It Runs Beside My Car, Staring At Me

I live in a small town in western Colorado. There’s a rule every single person follows here: Our curfew. The alive ones do at least.

**May - August Curfew: 9 PM**

**September - April Curfew: 6 PM**

For the longest time I thought it was dumb. Stores, bars, and even gas stations were closed before the curfew. So, it’s not like there were a lot of reasons to stay out that late anyway. Who was enforcing it? I’m not entirely sure. Cop cars would patrol the streets thirty minutes prior to the curfew, offering rides home to anybody who, otherwise, wouldn’t make it home in time. But they, too, were home before the curfew was fully in effect.

Regretfully, it’s not dumb. It actually makes a lot of sense. I just wish I had believed someone when they told me why the curfew was enforced.

I moved here a few years ago to get a change of pace. I edit videos for a big youtuber, and most of my time is spent holed up in my house, so location isn’t wholly important for my work as long as I have a decent WiFi connection. I saw a listing for a house up here and always loved the mountains, so I thought *why not*. 

I won’t disclose specifically where I live for the sake of idiots on the internet stalking me, but it’s really pretty here. Large, evergreen pine trees stretch across the mountains and loom stoically over the edge of cliff faces as you traverse the winding roads desperately dodging whitetail deer crossing the road. Occasionally, you’ll find a cluster of aspen trees with pale green leaves that shimmer like sequins in the wind. The only sign of fall is the temperature dropping, and the aspens changing from their calming green to fierce tones of red, yellow, and orange, like a fire had been set upon them with the sole intention of dying the leaves. Every so often, you’ll even see a black bear rummaging for snacks among the rich foliage, or hear the petrifying wail of an elk late at night. So when I learned about the strict curfew, the pros far outweighed the cons.

I made friends with a guy about my age who lived down the road from me pretty quickly after moving in. We met at one of two bars in town and found out that we liked a lot of the same video games. Within a few weeks, it became almost a ritual to meet up on the weekends, smoke a joint, and play whatever new indie party game had dropped in the Steam store.

On one of those nights, we were working through a level of UnRailed, and I decided to ask him about the strict curfew.

“Hey Calvin?” His name was Calvin.

Calvin kept his eyes on the screen, but responded with a slightly delayed “Hmm?” after his brain finally logged that I was talking to him.

“What’s up with everyone needing to be inside their homes so early at night?”

Calvin took some time to respond. One third focused on the game, one third considering my question, one third drifting towards cloud nine.

Finally, he said, “Honestly… man, I don’t know. Like, there’s probably a reason. Maybe it has to do with all the sudden disappearances that happened, like… ten years ago or something.” 

Calvin then dug his hand into a bowl of Doritos sitting between us, shoving them into his mouth.

“No, that makes sense. Probably just to protect people from wildlife.” I postulated.

Calvin, still chewing, nodded his head, agreeing with my theory.

It made sense. So I stuck to it. There wasn’t really much else to consider. It’d be weird if it was some eldritch horror haunting the mountains looking for any poor soul too clueless to know not to be out late at night. 

Over the next year or so, only a few people went missing, so my theory was only further confirmed by this. I assumed that they were out too late at night, happened upon a bear, and got mauled to death. Until Calvin came bursting into my house one day. 

Calvin shouted my name as loudly as he could, “Mark! We were wrong! MARK!!”.

I was still in my room, getting clothes on before heading to my office to work, but rushed out in only my pants when I heard the panicked tone in his words.

“Wrong about what?” I said, rifling through conversations we’d had that would incite this kind of reaction to being wrong.

“We were wrong about the bears.” Calvin said in an exhale.

Now looking at him, his eyes were bloodshot, and his hands were shaking. He looked like he had seen something that had really spooked him, and he hadn’t slept all night because of it.

Still confused, I just said, “Bears?”

“Yes, bears.”

“Dawg, I don’t know what you mean by bears.”

“Th-Th-The fucking curfew. It’s not bears attacking people. When it gets dark.”

I nodded my head, feigning understanding. He looked really freaked out, and I didn’t want to make him think I didn’t believe him. Calvin looked out my window towards the direction of his house, closed the curtains, and sat himself down on my couch, taking a few deep breaths to calm himself down, but they clearly weren’t working.

I ran upstairs to grab a shirt before coming back down and sitting across from him, hoping he had enough time to collect himself and tell me what it was.

Calvin began, “I took an edible last night, and got super fuckin’ hungry for specifically a chocolate-coated payday. But I didn’t realize that it was already past curfew.”

As soon as he mentioned him being high, I didn’t really give much credence to everything he told me, but I thought it important to, at least, let him tell me the rest of his tale.

“When I got there, that was when I realized the store was already closed and it was past curfew. But as I started to drive back…” Calvin’s eyes, which were originally trained on me as he spoke, darted around nervously. He even peeked out my window again.

Calvin slowly turned back to look at me, and as if there was gravity to this next sentence he added a hissing, whispery tone to his voice, “Something followed me all the way home.”

The whole time Calvin regaled me with his story, the corners of my lips were fighting to stay down. With his final sentence, I let out a chuckle, and I couldn’t keep it together any more. I burst out laughing.

“It’s not funny, Mark.” Calvin pleaded, disheartened by my disbelief in him, “This actually happened.”

“Calvin, buddy,” I said, as chuckles leaked through speech, “you were way higher than you thought you were last night. What were you doing driving high?”

Calvin, who originally had been very visibly upset, began to realize how stupid he sounded, and began to laugh with me, “Okay, yeah, but I swear I saw something.”

“Brother, you were baked,” I responded, “it was probably just tree branches or something.”

“Scariest tree branches I’ve ever seen.” Calvin added before we both burst into peals of laughter over Calvin’s story.

We laughed for a while. Calvin laughed exceptionally hard because of how tired he was. Once we got over ourselves, I let him crash on my couch, letting him catch up on sleep and then he could walk home after he was well rested.

That was the last time I ever saw Calvin.

The police came to my house after his place of work had reported that he hadn’t come in for several days and wasn’t answering his phone. They informed me that I was the last person to see him before he disappeared, but I didn’t have much information for them. The day he crashed on my couch: I was in my office late into the night. I went out on my porch for a break from the screen and a cigarette at 10pm but Calvin was already gone at that point, so I assumed he had just gone home.

I wasn’t particularly close to Calvin. We spent a lot of time on the weekends, but beyond that we didn’t know much about each other’s personal lives. I told the police about our last conversation together and the “thing” that he claimed had followed him home that night. They noted something, but showed little reaction to whether that piece of information was important or not.

The following weeks floated by. Whatever time I had, when I wasn’t editing, was spent playing video games or watching TV. Calvin’s story perpetually eating at my conscience. Had his eyes really not been playing tricks on him. Was something out there in the dark of night following those who stayed out past curfew? The more I thought about it, The more it felt like a crappy goosebumps story to scare kids into following the rules. I tried to shove the thought out of my mind and chalk the whole thing up as one big coincidence. But it never fully left the dark recesses of my mind.

I drove to town occasionally to get groceries, but other than that, I rarely used my car to get places. Which was probably why, after what happened to Calvin, I hadn’t been paying enough attention to the gas gauge on my car.

It was the middle of July, and I had just finished and sent out a video when I realized I had forgotten to go shopping earlier that day. I checked the time. 7:30. Which should have been plenty of time to run to the store, grab some food and head back home before the curfew started. I had done tons of runs like this before, and knew I had plenty of time to make it home; it was about 20 minutes for me to get to town, and 20 minutes back. As I pulled out of my driveway, I drove past Calvin’s house. The lights were all off in his house, and his car sat in his driveway. Every time I passed it, it gave me an eerie feeling. As though the house sat waiting for him to return some day. 

The sun was low in the sky, casting fiery red beams across the rocky landscape and through the towering pines. Fractal beams of light fought through the needles of the trees and splayed across the ground and onto my car as I neared town. I grabbed some bread, cheese slices, and butter, with plans for a grilled cheese while I played Powerwash Sim to unwind after the long day. Once I got back in my car, I made it about 10 minutes back to my house when it finally sputtered to a stop. For the first time in a month I looked at the gas gauge and swore.

“Fuck this shit, man. I just wanna go home.”

Pouting about how I need to be more aware of my car, I grabbed a jerry can from the trunk of my car and started the long walk to the nearest gas station, which was all the way back in town, funnily enough, next door to the grocery store. The sun had already set, but I assumed the police would understand why I was walking around so late at night, hoping they’d even give me a ride back to my car.

When I finally made it to a gas pump, the store owner was locking up, saying that I was his last customer, and should fill up and then head home as soon as possible. I thanked him for letting me know and I filled the jerry can as full as I could. It held enough gas that I could drive home, and then take it back to the gas station in the morning. I wasn’t so lucky to see any officers patrolling near where I was as I filled up, and resigned to making the walk back myself, praying I didn’t have any unfortunate meetings with the wildlife. 

The walk was long, and boring. I used my phone flashlight to see where I was going, and watched time tick further and further past the curfew with nothing out of the ordinary happening. By the time I finally made it back to my car I was just relieved to go home. It was only when I poured the gas into my tank and shut the cover when I started to hear the sound of hooves clopping. As it grew louder I realized they were not the cloven hooves of a deer, but bare feet slapping on the ground.

Running. Growing louder. Running towards me.

I jumped in as fast as I could. I quickly started the car and accelerated with my pedal pressed to the floor of the car. No longer caring about the little gas I had put in my car. I’d walk the full way back to the gas station as long as I could get away from whatever was coming for me. My heart was practically beating out of my chest. The winding roads did not lend me the luxury of going fast, unfortunately. I was experienced with the treacherous path, but driving full speed was a death sentence. I assumed I had already put enough space between me and whatever was chasing me. But I wished with everything in me that I was just already home. My eyes were fixed on the road the whole time, too afraid to look behind me. Yet, as I drove, I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was peering at me from the passenger window. With only a few minutes till I made it home, I glanced to my right and nearly veered my car off the road. It didn’t react at all to my acknowledgment of it. It simply stared back, keeping pace with my car.

Stare is an inadequate description of what exactly it was doing. It didn’t have any eyes to stare with. They were simply two black spots on its white circle for a face, with one slightly large hole for its mouth. It seemed almost as if it wore a mask, but the spots were neither holes nor painted on. They blended like shadows into the white circle which, in turn, blended into its thin and otherwise featureless body.

The worst part, however, was how it moved. The thin road provided just enough space for two cars, so the thing was clambering beside me on the shoulder of that road. Which was cluttered with rocks and the occasional small tree. These meant nothing to the thing. It clambered around, through, and between in an impossible manner, all of which was completely inaudible to me over the rumbling of my car’s engine. Its head stayed perfectly still the whole time, keeping its empty eyes trained on me, never moving an inch forward or back, and never rotating. Like a camera on the end of a gimbal.

I would have driven the whole night, but while I was terrified of it, I was also acutely aware of how much gas I had in my car. So, regretfully, I resigned to pulling into my driveway, parking the car, making sure the doors were locked, and killing the engine. The thing stayed in my window the whole time.

After several agonizing minutes of it staring at me, I saw the thing’s head slowly retreat downwards. After it had fully disappeared from sight, it made a new noise. A deep, empty, sloshing noise. Like liquid in a very large can. While it looking at me sent horrific chills in every direction along my spine, I hated even more that I couldn’t see it, but I was completely petrified with fear, thus I made no effort to see where it had gone.

The hours were long, fear caught in my throat the entire time. I felt like I would be trapped in my car forever, hearing that terrible slow sloshing from the horror outside my car. As the sun rose, the sloshing sound faded away. I waited many more hours before even attempting to peek through my car window to see if the thing was still there. But there was nothing. I opened the car door slowly, preparing to close it as soon as I saw a hint of movement, praying I could close it faster than it could grab me, but again, there was nothing. I stumbled, exhausted, out of my car and into my house. Sleep was tearing at my eyes and body, and I wanted nothing more than to sleep forever now that the thing had finally left. I crashed into my bed, and was asleep before my head even hit the pillow.

As I awoke, the sun had fallen again. I slept through the entire day, and it had returned to night once more. The clock beside my bed read 9:00. I rolled out of bed, and decided that I should just edit for a little while and then sleep some more. I walked towards my office and decided to look out my window facing the driveway. Some morbid curiosity pulled at me to see if everything I had experienced the night before was just a nightmare brought about by sleep deprivation and lack of socialization. 

My car remained in the place I had parked it the night before, I made a mental note to remember to go to the gas station tomorrow but the thought was cut short, and I felt my blood turn to ice. 

Curled up beneath my car, its thin body almost flat to the ground, was a hollow, black gaze from a white face looking back at me.
Title: My Night at the Carroway House Went Wrong

The Carroway house was there long before I was born. I remember my grandfather telling me how he used to play ding dong ditch, it was a badge of honour who could get the most swears from the irritated homeowners. Grandfather proudly showed off the scar he got from the pan thrown at his head.  The old bungalow loomed over the town high on a hill. At night, its lit windows glowed like the eyes of a beast, watching over us with the patience of an immortal being. Ivy climbed its brick walls like a second skin; trash dotted the overgrown lawn. Beer cans and condoms. Every time I passed it, even from a distance, I could smell the place. The stale scent of mold carried on the wind; it was as if the place was rotting from the inside.

An eyesore, my mother called it, and yet, nothing was done about it. No one condemned it, or did welfare checks on the aged owners. The Carroways had influence my parents said, whatever that meant. From the few glimpses I caught of them, I couldn’t see how. Mr Carroway, a squat man, more fat than sense, always walked around in a filthy wifebeater vest. Grease and coffee stains painted him like a pattern, paired with cargo shorts that revealed pale, balloon-like legs, he looked, for lack of a better term, like an off-duty clown. Mrs Carroway on the other hand, was made from plastic. A barbie doll left out in the sun for too long. Her wrinkly jowls were pulled back with Botox, her gnashing teeth shined like porcelain. Looking at her just felt wrong, especially when she stood next to her husband. A funhouse mirror couple. Every weekend they came into town, Mr Carroway touched everything in the display cases, leaving a trail of greasy handprints in his wake, while Mrs Carroway shrieked her shrill laugh. The town agreed they were a nuisance, but nothing was done. Whether from fear or this supposed influence, I couldn’t tell you. Then, something happened.

Two months had passed; the couple hadn’t been seen since. They were still in the house. Every night, thick black smoke billowed from the chimney, filling the dark sky like fog, permeating the air with an acrid, burnt smell. It clung to your clothes, burnt the hairs of your nostrils. People didn’t care, as long as the couple no longer bothered them. The Carroway house was an old, dilapidated house, owned by a strange couple gone missing. So, why am I writing about it? Because I am going to break inside.

Not by myself, of course, I have friends tagging along. Safety in numbers as they say. Alvin, my next-door neighbour, was a squirrely, hyperactive kid, raised on the iPad. He jumped when I mentioned going to the house, but insisted on filming it.

“Why?” I asked, frowning at his cheap handheld camera,

“For YouTube,” he said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world,

“We could be the next Sam and Colby,”

I scoffed, “Doubt it.”

It sounded like a stupid idea to me, but I let him bring the camera, if only to keep him quiet. If he did upload to YouTube, I doubt it would get many views. He better not do that stupid Wojack face for the thumbnail.

My other friend, Harris S, was, unfortunately, a wimp, no other way to say it. Smaller than the rest of the kids in class, jumping at every sound, and with yellow skin, it made him a prime target for bullies. Born with jaundice, it gave him skin like candlewax, that and his initials earned him the nickname, ‘Homer Simpson.’ Alvin still called him that, much to his chagrin. It wasn’t as bad as the other nickname, ‘Foetal Alcohol Syndrome.’ Besides that, he was a good kid, went along with anything, even exploring a weird, scary house. I asked him if he truly was alright, he once admitted that the Carroways gave him night terrors. Harris nodded, his blond hair flopping,

“I’ll be fine, it might cure me of my nightmares.”

I wasn’t so sure about that. As we walked up the overgrown path, lined by thorny bushes, I could see Harris getting nervous. His waxy skin glowed with sweat,

“Guys, I don’t know,” he muttered, the wind whipping away his words, “This seemed like a good idea during the day, do we have to do this at night?”

Alvin scoffed, “It isn’t night yet,” he pointed his camera up at the violet sky,

Harris tutted, “Whatever, it’s going to be in a few minutes, and what if the old woman catches us?”

“No chance, my brother says she was taken away,” Alvin reassured,

“When?”

Alvin shrugged, “I don’t know, he said she was stalking the streets, singing and chasing after cars,”

“Taken by who?”

Alvin shrugged, “Police, ambulance, nuthouse, does it matter?”

“I guess not.”

Harris wasn’t convinced, biting down on his golden lip. I bumped shoulders with him,

“Hey, try not to worry, if anything goes wrong, we’ll protect you,” I glanced at Alvin, currently doing 360 spins with his eye stuck to the camera,

“Well, I will, anyway.”

Harris offered a shaky nod, shuffling along with his hands clasped. I gave him another reassuring pat, then, Alvin dropped his clunky camera, followed by a torrent of swears. Harris jumped, frowning at their friend.

They traipsed through the overgrown brush, snapping twigs, and crushing beer cans underfoot. The only sound in the otherwise quiet night. Looking back, I should’ve noticed that it was too quiet. We reached the front door, bunched awkwardly on the doorstep. Alvin was closest but instead of reaching for the handle, he just zoomed in and out with the camera. I sighed, even Harris twitched with irritation,

“Maybe it’s locked,” the fear returned full force.

Wordlessly, I grabbed the handle, it turned easily. Harris visibly deflated.  The door swung open with an ear-splitting creak, revealing a wall of darkness. Alvin went first, camera ready, mouth hanging open, then me, pulling Harris along. We stepped over the dark threshold, straight into the maw of the beast.

The moment I entered, the first thing that hit me was the smell. Grease. The stuffy air was thick was it. It was like the walls had absorbed the grease from a thousand meals. The front door led them into the kitchen, the core of the greasy stench. The kitchen was a mess. The counters were piled high with dirty dishes, layered with crusty mold that was once food. Pots and pans congealed with fat, sticking out of stagnant dishwater. The peeling wallpaper revealed dark patches underneath, I peered closer with a grimace, black mold. Finding a light switch, I flicked it, filling the air with the incessant buzz of fluorescent bulbs. It was like stepping into a 24-hour diner.

Our footsteps stuck and unstuck to the floor like Velcro. The windows were decorated with handprints, like after the Carroways ate their fried food, they pressed their hands and faces to peer out the window. Alvin audibly cringed, sticking his camera into the grime. Harris stood in the middle of the tacky floor, hesitant to go further but unwilling to run away.

“They really liked fried food,” Alvin noted, dipping a finger in the congealed in the congealed fat. It left an indent up to his knuckle,

“Ew! Don’t touch it!” Harris exclaimed, Alvin laughed,

“Hey Homer,” he spun round, brandishing his gooped finger at Harris,

“Same shade.”

Harris puffed up with anger, stepping forward to shove him. I ignored them, nauseous from the stench.

We left the kitchen, closing the door to hopefully cut off the smell. It didn’t work. The cold hallway was dark; I thought it was from the lack of light but no, the walls were plastered with black mold. Pulling my shirt over my nose, I gestured for the others to do the same. My father told me about black mold, if you breathed in even one spore, it would settle in your lungs and fester. Killing the pink tissue and shrinking the lungs until you hacked up black muck. Harris had his shirt pulled up to his nose, leaving only his watery eyes darting around. I couldn’t help thinking that his red shirt made him look more like Bart Simpson. Alvin had the camera close enough to the wall to scratch off dark flakes. I slapped him on the back.

“Stop it, asshole.”

As they walked further down the contaminated hallway, careful not to breathe, another sound joined the buzzing cacophony. It was like the crackle of an old TV. They passed a living room, sat against the wall was an ancient cuboid TV, complete with crooked rabbit ears. It was on but no one watched. The screen danced with fuzzy static, background music to our antics. Alvin ran around, chirping and zooming in on everything.

“Look at the state of this couch!”

Plopped in the middle of the room was a red satin couch, dark and shiny from years of use. As I got closer, there was a definite person shaped imprint. Mr Carroway’s fat body was forever embedded in the cushions, flattened by years of sweat and grease.

“Ew!” Harris shouted, peering over Alvin’s shoulder,

“I dare you to touch it, Homer,” Alvin smirked,

“No way, are you crazy? I’ll catch Ebola or something,”

“Aw, come on. Don’t be a loser,”

“How does not touching something gross make me a loser?”

“I don’t know, ask your mother.”

Harris flushed; it only made his cheeks more golden. I sighed, walking away from the stupid argument. I walked around the room, looking at the pictures hanging on the walls. The Carroways throughout the years. The first was of the young couple, in old timey wedding attire. The woman scowled out at him, the husband with his eyes closed, light reflecting off his shiny, bald head. Wait, bald? Mr Carroway wasn’t bald. He had disgusting, matted hair. Hair didn’t just grow back, did it? In the second picture, Mrs Carroway still scowled, with a few lines around her, with her blonde husband, hanging off her arm. No, that wasn’t right either. Mr Carroway had black hair. I didn’t bother looking at the rest, even at a glance I saw there was a different man in each one.

“Jeez, Mrs Carroway sure got around, huh?” I turned to my friends, only to find them still bickering. Alvin pressuring Harris to touch the couch, shouting ‘Doh’ as he did. Harris just seethed, trembling with barely disguised anger,

“If I touch the stupid couch, then you have to stop calling me Homer Simpson,” Harris told him, Alvin smirked,

“Yeah, sure, just do it.”

Harris took a hesitant step forward, like approaching a wild animal. His yellow fingers danced across the crusty couch; the plastic screech of the material set my teeth on edge. Harris barely held back a whine,

“It’s like touching a bald man’s head.”

The mention of bald reminded me of what I found, before I could reveal it, Alvin made another stupid joke,

“Bald like Homer?”

He laughed as Harris shot him a glare. Alvin walked away, still chuckling. I stuck out my foot, and Alvin went flying, him and the camera clattered to the floor. I shot Harris a thumbs up. Alvin grunted, face planting against the wall. He steadied himself with a hand, then jumped back like he was electrocuted.

He yelped, “What the hell?!”

He touched the wall again; his bruised face twisting with confusion.

“This wall is freaky,”

“Yeah, yeah, very funny,” I muttered, gesturing for Harris to follow me,

“No, seriously,” Alvin scrabbled for his camera, “Touch it.” He reached for my hand; I slapped him away.

“Alvin, you’re starting to piss me off.”

Starting to panic, Alvin grabbed Harris’s hand, and pressed it against the wall.

“God damn it, Alvin, I-,” Harris frowned, feeling up the wall. His eyes widened,

“Ugh,” he turned to me, “The wall is soft.”

“Soft?”

The living room walls were plastered with old newspapers, the few bare spots were a sickly shade of pink, mottled with the same mold as the hallway. Alvin raised his camera, pressing a finger to the wall again. There was some give to the wall, it even squished under his touch.

“God, how does that even happen?”

His finger came away shiny, “The wall feels like it’s about to crumble,”

I rolled my eyes, “It’s the mold.”

“It must be all over the place,” Harris said, rubbing his hand on his jeans, Alvin whipped his camera from the wall to Harris’s yellowed finger.

“We better watch the house doesn’t fall around us,” he sniffed his hand, frowning.

The TV buzzed away, the layer of dust added to the sour damp smell. Just as I was about to suggest we leave, my ears picked up another sound.

“Someone’s coming!” I hissed. Footsteps were crunching up the path. I heard a key entering the lock, we didn’t have enough time to run, we were going to have to hide.

“Scatter.”

Alvin ran first, still clutching his stupid camera. Harris didn’t move, rigid with fear. I had to drag him along by his sleeve. I heard Alvin thundering up the stairs, that idiot was going to get caught. I couldn’t even call out to him. Harris found a closet opposite the stairs; we dove inside just as the door swung open. The person lumbered in, their gait uneven. When we got our breathing under control, I cautiously opened the closet door, just enough to peer out. The closet was humid, already sweat dripped down my back, even more when she came into view.

Mrs Carroway. She was back.

“Alvin said she was gone,” Harris hissed, sounding close to tears, I nudged him to keep quiet.

I had never been this close to her. The stink of cigarettes and bacon overpowered the sour dampness. She was old, decrepit, whatever Botox she had had long faded as her face swam with wrinkles. Her cheeks dangled like the jowls of a dog. Her artificial red hair curled into a perm, dye staining her pale forehead, clashing with the lipstick staining her lips. She wore a neon purple windbreaker suit that swished with every movement. Harris gripped my arm, wetting my sleeve with his clammy hand.

Mrs Carroway ascended the stairs at a snail’s pace. Taking each step like it was a herculean effort, her red clawed hand gripped the banister, the wood creaked. Halfway up, she paused for breath, just as a thud came from upstairs. Mrs Carroway tilted her head. I motioned for Harris to hold his breath. Mrs Carroway stood still, hunched over like a hunchback. As I watched her, something flashed in her milky eyes, something that scared me. That, paired with the long pink tongue darting out to wet her lips, smearing the lipstick even more, made me think of a hungry animal.

I felt Harris’s hand slip from mine; he must have been terrified. Mrs Carroway straightened up, her back cracking like a gunshot, then, with speed that belied her age, the old woman rushed up the stairs. Stranger still, she ran up on all fours, her hands slapping the wood. I stared, mouth open, long after she ran-crawled out of sight. After a moment of silence, I poked my head out of the damp closet.

“We need to get out of here,” I hissed. Harris nodded, a quick spasm of fear. We hurried quickly and quietly back to the kitchen. The door had been locked.

“Damn it.”

Another heavy thud from upstairs made them jump,

“Shit, Alvin’s still upstairs,” Harris shivered, his golden skin iridescent with fear sweat. Harris wouldn’t last much longer without breaking down, we had to be careful if we had to get out.

“Harris, I know you’re scared but I need you to go and find another exit.”

Harris looked at me with wide eyes, looking like I just condemned him to death. I was quick to reassure him,

“You just need to be quiet, and go back through the living room. I have to find Alvin, then I’ll find you and we’ll get out of here together. Ok?”

Harris, though he trembled with fear, nodded. I patted his shoulder, ignoring the dampness of his shirt. With that, he hurried off, disappearing into the gloom. Then, it was just me. As the de facto leader, it was my responsibility to get everyone out of here, I would not fail. As I stopped at the first step, I would be lying if I said I didn’t hesitate. The old woman could be waiting just round the corner, ready to grab me, but I had to save my stupid friend. I was going to lord it over him.

The bare wooden steps were hollow, but didn’t creak, thankfully. As the landing came into view, the dim, flickering lights made it look like it was illuminated by candles. The stink of grease was at its strongest up here. The mold had spread to the upper floor. There were too many rooms, too many for Alvin to hide, and the old woman. I listened but couldn’t hear her awkward steps. A trail of yellow led its way into the bedroom, did the couple just carry buckets of grease into the bed? Something stopped me in my tracks; my feet rooted to the floor. There, in the middle of the stained floor, was a battered camera. Alvin’s camera.

I had to warn Harris, against my better judgement, I snuck back down the stairs, hissing his name. I checked the kitchen first, the yellow walls bright enough to burn my eyes. Wait, yellow. The kitchen walls shone as if covered in fresh grease. Mrs Carroway went straight upstairs. The walls, originally covered in newspaper, squished under my touch. The mold was gone, replaced with a new leathery texture. The soft, yellow texture felt clammy, like sweaty skin. I had to feel my way out of the kitchen, feeling nauseous for some reason. I ducked my head into each stinking room, but he was nowhere to be found. Maybe Harris had already escaped? I couldn’t blame him. I crossed my fingers, and headed back up the stairs. Alvin’s camera lay on the floor, untouched.

A shuffling from the bedroom made me jump. Fabric shifted, someone getting into bed. If I was quiet and got to the others before they did anything, we could escape. Where could they be? Alvin dropped it in a hurry, it was still running.

I rewound the camera; its high-pitched whine made me look over my shoulder. The footage was just jumbled scenes at first, telling me that Alvin was running and forgot to turn off the camera. I watched it shake left and right, punctuated by Alvin’s heavy breathing. I watched him try to find a hiding place but each room he ducked into was weirder than the last. The yellow and mold were normal compared to these. The first room was dark, as the camera’s light glinted against the walls, they glistened. The walls were wet, covered in thick, dark sludge, it dripped from the ceiling in thick strands. It was like the room had been submerged underwater.

The second room was another bedroom, plastic wrap covered the furniture, even the bed. Piled high on the surfaces were rolls of stained bandages, dripping something pink onto the floor. I felt like I could smell it through the camera. Alvin’s exclamation rang out from the camera’s tinny speakers. As the camera shifted, a pair of bare feet came into view, bony and wrinkled. Just like a scene from a found footage movie, the camera swung round and Mrs Carroway’s face filled the screen. Her sunken, milky eyes glared, staring at me through the camera. With a sound like a plunger unsticking from a blocked toilet, Alvin was gone. The camera fell to the floor with a thud, the sound from earlier.

From the new crooked angle, I saw Mrs Carroway grab Alvin by the scruff of the neck, lifting him against the wall. Alvin’s face twisted in fear, his mouth opened in a silent scream, impossibly wide, until I thought the skin of his lips would split. I waited for Alvin to push the old woman away; it should’ve been so easy but Alvin didn’t move. His eyes darted frantically, twin orbs spasming in his skull. What was going on? Movement caught my eye; I peered in closer. Something about Alvin’s bare arms disturbed me. The skin seemed to be getting redder. He twisted his head, straining his neck until the tendons bulged. His body refused to follow.

With a sound like Velcro unsticking, Alvin lifted his arm.

His skin remained behind. Like a flesh-coloured sleeve, degloved, gooey like melted bubble gum. His exposed muscles twitched and pulsed, red, wet and shiny. the skin of his arms fused to the wall, slowly sinking into the plaster. Like sweaty skin stuck to a leather couch. His shed skin was gone, absorbed into the wall, and it was taking the rest of him. The wall was absorbing him. It was soft, malleable, he sank through like it was made from wet tissue. The skin was sucked from his body, stretching out to paint the wall. Pinks and reds mixed with the rotted wallpaper. The vivid colours burned my eyes. Alvin didn’t scream; he didn’t make a sound as he was painfully consumed. Swallowed up by the house.

I saw all of this through the camera. I saw Mrs Carroway run a bony hand along the quivering, pink wall, licking her lips as she did. She bent down, picked up his scattered clothes, and disappeared into her bedroom. The camera shook, almost falling from my trembling hands. What the hell did I just watch?

As I struggled to comprehend what just happened, the hair on the back of my neck stood up. I was being watched. Looking up, the camera slipped from my hands. There, staring out at me from the black void of the room was Mrs Carroway. Her head floated in the darkness like a grim spectre, her mouth spread open in a wet, toothless smile, spit dribbled as she smacked her lips. Something radiated from the woman like a stench, something that my body sensed before i realised what it was. Hunger.

She reached out, quick as a flash, bony fingers latching onto my neck. Her touch was boiling hot, searing my skin. She pulled me in close, face to slimy face, spitting as her pink tongue curled out, and ran along my face. She was tasting me. Her tongue writhed like a dying fish. Her breath was acrid, hot, my vision filled with her gnashing gums. Somehow, my panicked kicking made contact with her withered body, her grip loosened. I pushed the witch away. She collided against the wall, knocking over a table in the process. I didn’t waste the chance. I ran down the stairs, taking three at a time. I didn’t bother with the door; I just kicked out a window. The glass sliced at my skin, warm blood trickled down my arms. I didn’t care, I only cared about getting out. Finally out, I collapsed onto the soft grass, the cool night air sobering yet overwhelming my heightened senses. My body broke into violent tremors as a scream built up in my throat. It tore its way out, wrenching my throat as it did. Feeling lighter, I got up on trembling legs and ran. My gait as awkward as a newborn deer. I glanced back only once. There, at the shattered window, was the figure of Mrs Carroway, staring after me. Wide eyed, still smacking her red lips. I didn’t dare look back again.

No one believed my story, at first. They couldn’t disprove it when Harris and Alvin were declared missing. When the police finally went inside to investigate, they came running back out, spewing their guts. My parents refused to tell me anything, all they said was that Harris and Alvin could rest in peace. That didn’t comfort me. The Carroway house was soon spoken with the same reverence as Ed Gein’s house. Human flesh was found in the walls, bones in the bed and furniture. Apparently, they found Mr Carroway in one of the bedrooms, or what was left of him. I heard a rumour that his body was so deteriorated that they had to take in the whole bed as evidence. They couldn't separate him. The greasy smell made so much more sense. Mrs Carroway was taken away by the police, still smiling that dripping smile, even as she was pushed into the cop car. The adults said I hallucinated the entire thing, the house eating my friends. It took years of therapy, I came to accept that fact, but if it was a hallucination, then what the hell was on that camera?

The camera was never found.
Title: I Was Invited to My Girlfriend’s Cousin’s Wedding. I Barely Made It Out Alive.

I’d only been dating my girlfriend for two months. Honestly, you could hardly even call it a real relationship yet. But strangely enough, she invited me to her cousin’s wedding. I felt a little nervous about it, though deep down I was glad she was taking things seriously enough not to shy away from introducing me to her family. I was worried about what they might think of me. Emilia was a jackpot. Not only incredibly beautiful and charming, but also devoted and always cheerful. Like something a person would dream up for themselves — that’s how she felt to me. I honestly couldn’t understand what she saw in me. I never thought of myself as anything special.

But it wasn’t a dream. We were sitting in my car, pulling into the courtyard of Emilia’s family farm. Supposedly, her family was insanely wealthy — or so I gathered — because their estate was so large that we’d been driving off the main road for almost an hour since leaving the little town where she’d said the land was already her father’s property. I’m pretty sure they owned several hectares.

“Are you nervous?” Emilia asked sweetly, snapping me out of my thoughts as she touched my shoulder.

I just gave her a nervous smile. Of course I was nervous, but I didn’t want to say it out loud. Her father was probably some filthy rich landowner or something — who knows. One thing was for sure: this wedding wasn’t going to be simple.

The whole place felt strange. Emilia left me in one of the rooms in the house for almost the entire afternoon. Supposedly, it was all a family thing, and she asked me to just rest — I’d driven a long way, and we’d be celebrating later that night anyway.

The ceremony itself was beautiful. They held it on the farm, inside a church that, according to Emilia, her great-grandfather had built on the estate long ago. But the whole thing felt oddly lifeless, as if everyone there had already been through it before — that’s how they acted. Emilia was a bridesmaid, so I was left alone for almost the entire event. Honestly, I didn’t even understand why I was there: just a guy in the early stages of dating a girl, sitting at her cousin’s wedding. I was completely out of place, like someone who’d ended up there by accident.

Finally, when the ceremony was over, Emilia came back to me.

“I’m sorry, Frank,” she said, giving me a quick kiss. “I know I’m leaving you alone a lot, but my parents are really old-fashioned.”

“It’s fine, Em,” I waved it off. “We’ll dance at the party.”

She kissed me again before hurrying off to the family photo shoot. I watched her relatives from a distance — they all seemed so theatrical. Maybe it was just my nerves, but it was like they’d done this exact photoshoot countless times before.

Then someone called out that we could head to the dinner tent. Not far from the big house stood a massive white marquee. That’s where the dinner, the party, and the drinking would last until morning, celebrating the wedding. Em didn’t come with me there either; she was still caught up in family photos. I walked over with a few guests and distant relatives, only to be hit with another surprise: I’d been placed at a strange table. According to the seating chart, I was at a large round table with a completely random assortment of people. Naturally, Em was seated at the family table — far away from me. This wedding was getting worse by the minute.

I figured everyone had been waiting for dinner, because the tent filled up fast. At least at my table, every seat was already taken. It was like no one there actually knew each other. At the other tables, people were chatting, laughing, telling stories — you could tell they’d known each other for years. But at ours, it felt like sitting on a bus with a bunch of random strangers: awkward smiles, the occasional attempt at small talk, but the whole thing stayed uncomfortable and distant.

“I’m Carter,” said the man to my right suddenly, holding out his hand.

He looked a little drunk, but not to an obnoxious degree.

“Frank,” I replied, shaking his hand.

“Who are you here with?” Carter asked before taking a big swig from the beer in his hand.

“My girlfriend’s one of the bridesmaids,” I told him. “She’s also the bride’s cousin. What about you?”

“Oh, I’m just the groom’s mailman,” Carter said with a straight face.

I laughed. I figured he was joking — or maybe there was just something about this family I didn’t get. Either way, sitting there was painfully awkward. Luckily, the food was finally served before long. By then, every table in the tent was full, and everyone seemed to be busy with their dinner — or at least that’s what I assumed they were focused on.

The atmosphere was getting livelier — people were drinking, and some had even started dancing. But I still felt out of place. I’d barely seen Em all evening; why the hell had I agreed to come here? I’d even convinced myself she might introduce me to her father. I’d only seen him once during the wedding ceremony, talking with some older couple, not even glancing in my direction.

I decided to head to the bathroom. Besides, after all the drinks I’d had, I was barely holding it in. Outside the tent, there was a small structure set up with old-fashioned outhouse toilets. But the moment I stepped out of the tent, I nearly pissed myself on the spot.

An old lady was staring at me in the dark. Her eyes seemed to glint in the moonlight.

“Jesus,” I exhaled sharply. “You really scared me.”

The old woman shuffled closer in her little beige suit. I don’t like to be rude to the elderly, but she reeked — like she hadn’t bathed in weeks. Her face was pale and wrinkled, and her yellowish eyes seemed to glow.

“Are you feeling alright?” I asked, a little uneasy.

“Oh, dear,” the woman croaked in her raspy voice. “I’m feeling just fine. Did you eat much? Not too much meat, I hope?”

“Uh… well…” I stammered awkwardly. “Yeah, I ate.”

By then, she was right in front of me. Something about her was deeply unsettling — like she was starving for… something. She licked her lips, and I could swear I saw drool drip from the corner of her mouth.

“Oh, Grandma Zepro,” came a familiar voice from behind me. “Don’t start talking nonsense again.”

It was Em, hurrying over to the old woman. She hugged her and patted her gently. The whole thing was unbearably awkward, like everyone here was out of their minds.

“Frank, I’m sorry,” Em said, turning to me. “I’ll walk Grandma back inside, then I promise I’ll spend time with you.”

I just nodded dumbly. Right now, I just wanted to use the bathroom. And honestly, I was starting to get fed up with Em’s bizarre wedding — and, yeah, I was feeling a little hurt.

Still, I shouldn’t have been mad at Em. The rest of the evening actually went pretty well. Em spent most of the time with me.
We finally danced, had a few drinks, and she even introduced me to the newlyweds. They were nice — friendly, down-to-earth people.
We didn’t talk much, of course; it was their night, and they had plenty of guests to mingle with. 
But for the first time that evening, I felt more relaxed, not like I was stranded in a sea of strangers.

Sure, Em would occasionally stop to chat with someone, but it was always about ordinary stuff — how they were doing, how they liked the party, whether they were ready for the rest of the night, things like that.

But Em was clearly looking forward to something. She spoke to me with almost childlike excitement about the raffle, where they’d draw a guest’s name and that person would win something.
Anyone could be picked. She even got me a little hyped for it, even though we had no idea what the prize would be.

Finally, around midnight, it was time for the raffle. Em told me it was a family tradition — they’d done it at every wedding since she was a kid.
I didn’t think much of it… until I suddenly heard my name called out loud.

I jumped up, startled. Everyone clapped and smiled — at least, most of them were cheering. I was the winner.
Great — the most random guy here just won the family raffle. 
That ought to make me popular.

“So, Em? What’s my prize?” I whispered to her, standing to my right.

Em just looked at me — maybe a little disappointed, but still smiling proudly. 
She didn’t say a word, just stared at me with those big brown eyes.

“Come with me,” said the bride, stepping up in front of me.

I hadn’t even noticed when she came over.
It caught me off guard, and the fact that she reached out her hand for me to take was even more unsettling. 
What did they want from me? Why couldn’t someone else have won this stupid thing?

“Em… I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. What is this?” I turned to her for help, but she just kept smiling at me, still looking a little downcast.

“Go with her, Frank,” Em said softly. “Please. If you do this, you’ll win the whole family over. Please, it’s tradition for us.”

Her pleading softened me a little, but I was still uncomfortable. 
Everyone was staring at me with these knowing grins. 
Why were they looking at me like that? What was I supposed to do?

The bride took my hand and led me away. 
I didn’t resist. I just hoped this dumb little game would be over soon so we could go back and pretend I was just some random guy at this wedding again.

“Carol, right?” I asked the bride as we slipped out of the tent through a back exit. “Where are we going?”

“Just shut up and come,” Carol said softly.

I felt awkward and uncomfortable. Carol was a young woman with short blonde hair, and my girlfriend’s cousin.
What the hell did she want from me, out here in the dark, in the middle of a field? 

She led me toward a small wooden shed, and when we reached it, she ushered me inside. A single dim lamp burned in the cramped wooden space.
It felt like I was a teenager again, hiding somewhere, nervously waiting for a first kiss. The whole thing was awkward as hell.

“Carol? Please, I don’t know what this is about, but I’d rather just go back.”

She just stared at me coldly.
All the warmth in her face was gone, replaced by a look of sheer contempt. 
Then, in one sudden motion, she shoved me hard against the wall. 
I glared back at her, now angry myself.

“Carol, I really don’t know what the hell this is. But please—stop.”

She stood with her back to the shed door, glaring at me. Then, with a sudden move, she slid the straps of her pretty pink dress off her shoulders.

I froze in shock. 
What the hell was this—some medieval bullshit? 
My prize for the tombola was supposed to be a wedding night with the bride?

But that wasn’t what happened. 

Carol’s shoulders popped out of joint at the same time, her arms stretching unnaturally long, her nails growing into massive claws. 
As I looked at her face, her once-pretty features sagged into wrinkled folds of loose flesh. Drool poured from her mouth, and her sharp, tiny teeth glinted yellow in the lamplight.

I didn’t even have time to process it. 
Carol’s long, clawed hand slashed at me hard. 
My jacket and shirt tore open instantly, and a burning pain shot through my chest. Blood seeped through the shredded fabric.
I collapsed to the floor from the pain, and she pounced again, driving her claws deep into my thigh. 
I screamed in agony.

But luck was on my side—if I hadn’t reached just a little farther across the floor, I’d probably be dead now. 
A pickaxe head stuck out from behind a small crate.

That was all I needed. 
My survival instinct kicked in.
I grabbed the pickaxe and swung it hard, burying it in Carol’s side. Carol—or the thing she had become—let out a piercing shriek, her yellowish eyes blazing with rage.
I didn’t hesitate. 

I yanked the pickaxe free and brought it down again with all my strength.
One of her arms came off almost on its own, spraying foul-smelling blood everywhere, but I didn’t stop. 
I swung again, splitting her skull open. 
I kept hitting, over and over, until she collapsed to the floor and the stench of her black, reeking blood filled the room.

I wrapped my jacket around my injured thigh. 
It was bleeding badly, so I had to do something. 
My thoughts were racing.
How could I have been so stupid? How could I ever believe a woman like Em would want me? And hell, we met on the damn subway… what was I thinking? Love at first sight?

But what pissed me off the most was this whole fucked-up game. 
I hadn’t won the tombola at all. 
I was the prize. Fucking monsters. 
I wasn’t going to die here.

“Darling, I hope you left some for me,” a voice called from outside. “The real party’s about to start inside…”

I kicked open the little wooden door and swung the pickaxe down. 
It was Carol’s husband, Tim. 
My attack caught him completely off guard—he didn’t even have time to react. 
One clean strike, right in the middle of his forehead. Tim collapsed, and I started hacking at him again with the pickaxe.

Then I heard the screams. 
They were coming from the tent—shouts, wails, death cries. 
And then I understood everything. Some of the guests had been invited here for one reason only: so these things could eat them alive.

A woman came running out of the tent, three grotesque creatures—just like Carol—chasing right behind her. 
They caught up in seconds, knocking her to the ground with their long arms, and started tearing her apart exactly as she was.

Fuck this. 
I was getting the hell out. 
My way out was my car. It was parked in front of the house, and the keys were in my room.
I was not dying here.

Luckily, the house was in the opposite direction from the tent. 

So I just limped toward the old manor. 
The creatures were still slaughtering the guests. Hellish sounds echoed from the tent, but I didn’t give a damn. 
There was no one left for me to worry about. Em was one of those twisted freaks too, and I’d even slept with her. 
The thought that I’d been deceived for months made my blood boil.

I smashed the front door open with the pickaxe. 
Thankfully, our room was on the ground floor, so I didn’t have to limp far to find it and grab the car keys.

There is a God—never would have thought it’d be this easy to get out of this hellhole. 
But when I stepped back into the hallway, there she was: the old hag I’d seen earlier, still drooling as she stared at me.

“What do you want, granny?” I growled, raising the pickaxe.

Zepro Granny didn’t answer. 
She just started swelling up, transforming just like Carol had. 
But this… this was something else. 
The hallway walls cracked as her arms shot out, her body twisting into a massive, wrinkled, greasy mound of flesh.

I stared in horror at the disgusting transformation, then heard sounds from the other end of the hallway, right behind me where I’d come in. 
Another creature stood there. It had a long neck… and even longer, clawed hands.

I moved fast.
I jumped back into the room and slammed the door shut.
I shoved a small dresser in front of it, then shoved the car keys deep into my pocket so I wouldn’t lose them. I had just opened the window to climb out when a huge impact—or maybe an explosion—blasted me clear out of the room.

I sat up in the garden, gasping for air. 
The wall of the house was gone, replaced by a massive, pulsating tentacle. 
Dust choked me as I coughed. Two creatures were forcing their way out from the rubble of the collapsed section.

I had to get to the car. I had to get out of this place as soon as possible.

As fast as I could, I rushed to my car—my little green Ford.
I’d never been so happy to see it. There it was, untouched. The moment I jumped inside, the ground began to shake.

This was my last chance to get the hell out of here.
But when I turned the key and switched on the headlights, my stomach dropped—Em was standing just a short distance away from my car. 
She looked human… but her face and mouth were smeared with blood.

I just stared at her, hurt and betrayed.

“Frank, you can’t leave!” Em shouted.

“Oh, I’m leaving—and no one’s going to stop me!” I yelled back, my voice sharp with anger.

“Frank, please!” she continued. “You don’t understand. Zepro isn’t just anyone… he’s the Creator—”

I listened to her rambling in disgust, but then the ground shook again. My car jolted violently, and Em could barely keep her balance as everything trembled around us.

“Frank!” she screamed. “Please! Something terrible will happen if he can’t feed on your insides! Please!”

“Ask your fucking mother,” I muttered under my breath, and slammed my foot on the gas.

It could’ve been pure coincidence… or maybe the universe lining things up just right—but the moment I hit Em with the car, the massive family house exploded. 
Her black, reeking blood splattered across my windshield, then spattered under my tires, jerking and spinning the car.

That’s when I saw what had taken the house’s place. 
The building’s remains were flung into the air—bricks, beams, chunks of wall crashing down everywhere. 

And in its place, a mountain of writhing flesh was growing. 
Tentacles whipped in every direction, dozens of yellow eyes glaring at the world, and at its peak, an enormous, gaping mouth yawned wide.

I think I’d just unleashed something ancient.
But I sure as hell wasn’t going to sacrifice myself to save this pack of degenerate monsters.

I floored it and drove away as fast as I possibly could.
Title: My Dead Father Opened the Door for Me Today

I started visiting my mother more often after my father died, but I never expected him to answer the door.

It took a toll on my mother; she seemed like a shell of herself.

Grief takes a long time to process, I understand that, but seeing her this heartbroken crushed me.

She lives 3 hours away. The drive that day took more than 5 hours.

The weather has been bad the past few days.

When I finally arrived, the deep fog had set in. Her house wasn’t even visible from the driveway.

I knocked on the door. Footsteps echoed in the hall. 

A strong smell of damp earth filled the air.

Someone was walking with a limp. Each step made a wet, mushy sound.

Then the door opened.

A wave of shock ran through my body. I stumbled back and fell onto the grass.

Before me stood my father, staring. His face was devoid of color, skin barely hanging on. His eyes were bloodshot and deep in their sockets. Dirt clung to his tangled hair. He was dressed in his old clothes and slippers.

My thoughts scattered.

How could this be?

I saw his body in the casket at the funeral.

Then my mom came behind him. She saw the terror in my eyes.

“Oh, honey, honey, it’s okay, come here.” 

She tried to pick me up off the ground.

“No, mom, what the fuck is going on. What the fuck is that?”

“Johnny, stop it right now. It’s your father!” 

“Mom, that’s not Dad. Dad’s dead!”

My mom slapped my face.

“You'd better stop that, Johnny. Your father is alive, and he’s right here.”

My father grabbed my mom’s shoulder and tried to flash a smile.

My mom touched his hand and looked back at him with love in her eyes.

“Please, Johnny, this is a blessing from God.”

I stared back at them in bewilderment, my body still shaking with fear.

“Come on inside, Johnny. It’s cold out.”

She said and made her way to the house. My father walked behind her slowly.

I walked back to my car, put the keys in the ignition, and got ready to leave, but what about my mom? What if he hurt her?

I sat there for a minute and then got up and reluctantly followed them inside.

The smell of food in the kitchen masked the smell of damp, dirty air.

Mom made steak and mashed potatoes.

My dad’s favorite.

I couldn’t take my eyes off him.

His hands moved mechanically, devoid of purpose.

“Okay, let’s say a prayer before the meal.”

My dad’s hand reached out to me. I looked at it with disgust.

Mom scolded me with her eyes. I unwillingly reached back and held it.

The hand was cold and damp.

My dad didn’t close his eyes during the prayer; he stared dully ahead.

My appetite was gone. I barely ate, mostly playing with my food.

Dad also didn’t seem too hungry. He cut a piece of steak and tried to eat it, but swiftly spat it back out onto his plate.

“What’s wrong, darling?”

“Hungry…”

“Oh, but why won’t you eat some of your steak, you don’t like it, honey?”

“Hungry!”

He yelled. It made me drop my cutlery.

My mom's eyes widened. I could see the fear in them.

“Your dad is probably just tired, Johnny. I’m gonna take him quickly upstairs, okay?”

“I’m not gonna let you go alone with him, Mom.”

“Johnny, you stop that right now!” She screamed out. “You sit right here, young man. Don’t get up from your food.”

She talked to me like I was a little boy again.

No matter how much I protested, she was determined. 

We agreed that if she didn’t come down in ten minutes, I would go up.

I thought about calling the police, but what would I tell them? That my mother is in a room with her dead husband, who’s come back alive? We would both get institutionalized.

They’d been gone for a few minutes, but it felt like hours. My body was getting restless, legs shaking with anxiety.

The fear rose until I couldn’t take it anymore. I got up from the table and slowly walked up the stairs.

A faint sound echoed through the hall as I climbed the stairs, a wet, crunching noise, like a rake sweeping up muddy autumn leaves

The sound intensified as I got closer to the door; a strange coppery smell wafted from my parents' room.

Upon entering the room, I saw a sight that haunts me to this day.

My mom lay on the bed while my father ate her right arm. The blood was dripping onto the bed, soaking into the sheets, filling the room with a metallic odor.

I let out a scream as my head started spinning.

My father then looked up from his feast with the same dull look he had before, and with the blood of my mother around his mouth and teeth.

My head got lighter until darkness absorbed my mind, and I fainted.

When I came back, my vision was blurred. Mom lay on the bed holding her bleeding arm with deep bite marks, but my father was not next to her anymore.

“Johnny, I’m so happy you came up. Your father has been starving since he came back, and I can’t feed him anymore.”

A sharp pain shot through my left arm.

I turned, and shock ran down my spine.

My father was on all fours, biting down into my arm, eating away my flesh.

I screamed out and punched the top of his head.

My father let out a loud “Ugh” and fell to the ground.

Blood had poured and seeped onto the carpet. The smell of copper made me gag. 

“Johnny, look what you have done to your poor father!”

I tried to talk, yell at my mother, but words wouldn’t leave my mouth. 

She got out of bed and started making her way towards me, anger in her eyes.

I immediately began running down the stairs onto the lawn.

When I managed to calm myself down, I called 911.

The police came to the house. What they found upstairs was my mother crying next to the corpse of my father. He was dressed in his old clothes, and fresh blood was around his mouth, but the body had been dead for weeks.

No one believed my story, and my mother has not talked to me since. 

Edit: I now hear the damp footsteps from the hall.

“Hungry…” is echoing through the hall.

The smell of damp dirt is filling the room.
Title: The Night Shift That Closed a Kiosk Forever

In Serbia, between Belgrade and Niš, there was a kiosk called “Girosi kod Brata.”
Two of my friends worked there, and if you looked it up on a map, you’d think it was some kind of mistake.

But it wasn’t.

One road.
Fields as far as the eye could see.
No houses. No lights.

The nearest town was almost 50 kilometers away.

That kiosk had no right to be there.

Two of my friends worked night shifts there—Milica and Katarina. Five years. From 4 p.m. to 5 a.m. Every night. Alone. If you’ve ever worked nights in the middle of nowhere, you already know what kind of hell that is.

At first, nothing looked wrong.

Then the system started glitching.

Orders began appearing out of nowhere—deliveries logged under names none of us recognized. Not foreign. Not local. Just… wrong. Like names that almost made sense, but didn’t.

A week later, the owner received emails from the suppliers:

“Deliveries completed last Thursday.”

It was impossible.

Last Thursday, the kiosk had been closed all day. We were celebrating a religious holiday. Everybody knew. The factories knew. The gate was locked. No electricity. No staff.

They called inspections. Police, too.

They came.
Looked around.
Shrugged.

“Nothing suspicious.”

That’s when Katarina stopped laughing about it.

One night during her shift, she felt it—the cold pressure on the back of the neck that tells you you’re being watched. She checked the windows. Nothing. Fields. Darkness.

She locked the door and checked the security monitors.

One camera showed a figure standing far out in the field.

Too far away to see details. Too still to be an animal.

It wasn’t moving.
Not swaying.
Not shifting its weight.

Just standing.

Looking directly into the camera.

Her hands were shaking when she pulled the metal shutters down, just so she wouldn’t have to see it anymore.

The moment the shutters hit the floor, every camera froze.

The screen went black.

No footage saved.
No error message.
Just… gone.

The next night was Milica’s shift.

Around 2 a.m., she heard something land on the metal roof.

Then another impact.

Then scraping.

Heavy. Slow. Like something pacing above her head.

She locked herself inside the supply closet—the one with the tiny hole in the door where the handle used to be. She crouched there, barely breathing, watching the darkness through that pinhole.

That was when she heard the knocking.

Calm.
Polite.
Three knocks.

Then a voice.

“Milice.”

Her boss’s voice. Kristijan’s voice. Perfect. Even the tone was right.

“Open up. I heard the noise. Are you okay?”

Her heart almost stopped.

With shaking hands, she checked her phone and texted him:

Where are you??

Twenty seconds passed.

Outside, the knocking continued.
The voice kept talking—reassuring, familiar.

Then her phone buzzed.

I’m at a club with my girlfriend Ana. Why?

Kristijan wasn’t outside.

Whatever was knocking kept using his voice.

Milica stayed inside that closet for hours. She didn’t scream. She didn’t cry. She didn’t move. When the knocking finally stopped, it was already morning.

She climbed out through the bathroom window and ran.

Didn’t lock the door.
Didn’t look back.

They both quit the same day.

A week later, the kiosk shut down. Nobody would take the night shift. Inspections came again. Same result. On paper, nothing ever happened. Panic. Exaggeration. Stress.

They never told me everything.

They didn’t have to.

That place is still there—dark, empty, sitting 50 kilometers from anything that matters.

Waiting.

For the next night shift that will never come
Title: Saturday, December 14, 2024

Something's thudding outside.

I'd say it woke me up, but I've been half awake for the last few hours. The bedroom faces east, so the sunlight's been shining through the window for a while now. Not that I got much sleep in the first place, though. Christ, I feel rough. I can't think. I can hardly write. My eyes are bleary and my head is pounding. Stuffy, warm air is blowing through the window. The duvet is damp with sweat.

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

It's coming from so far away, but it sounds so loud. Loud but distant. Far but close. A constant dull pounding.

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

Probably a neighbour doing early morning roof work or something.

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

Tosser.

I suppose I should tell you more about me. About my life. I don't know, you're reading my notebook so I assume you know something about me. Otherwise what are you doing with it, you creep?

Fine. Don't worry, I'll tell you. But only because it'd really annoy that cow Ms. Wilson.

Ms. Wilson is was my counsellor. The school assigned me to her because they thought I was "troubled". That meant I was quiet and didn't have any friends, which meant they panicked and thought I was either going to kill some kid or myself. They couldn't stomach the thought of all that potential paperwork, so me and this weird old hag who looked about ninety would sit in a cramped little storage cupboard plastered with dusty leaflets about puberty and drugs, talking about "my feelings", and "mindfulness", and other tripe like that every other Tuesday. We both hated it. It's just that she was paid to hate it, so we never stopped.

At the end of our second to last session together, I told her I was moving away. I can still see the relief on her face. Then, in our very last session, just three days before I left, she gave me this notebook. She wanted me to "write down everything about your new house and keep it close to you, so you never forget how lucky you are to have it." I remember that moment. It was the last time I would ever see this woman, and she was still able to hit me with one last sucker-punch of bullshit before I left. But I still took the notebook. I don't know why. It wasn't like me to listen to her. It was her last wish, I guess. 

So that's that. I hope she's happy now. I just hope she's happy as far away from me as possible.

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

I got out of bed at around 12 o'clock and put some clean clothes on. They were slightly damp; that didn't bother me though. I'd rather wear wet stuff than smell whatever was on my old clothes again. I picked up the wash pile I'd thrown into the corner last night and held it far away from my face as I made my way down the stairs. My feet ached as I walked.

It took me an unusually long time to find the washing machine. I eventually found it in the kitchen, tucked away in an empty larder which for some reason had a second door in its wall, presumably leading to the back garden. It was locked. As for the kitchen itself, it was barebones. A sink, a fridge, some old wooden cupboards that smelled vaguely metallic, and an oven that seemed to constantly radiate a feverish heat. The fridge was empty. The cupboards only had flies in and all that was in the drawers was the cutlery that we'd brought ourselves. That was all the unpacking we had needed to do.

I threw the dirty clothes into the washing machine and tried to get it to turn on, but I couldn't do anything. In fact, nothing seemed to work at all. I assumed they'd all been unplugged so as to avoid a power surge, but I couldn't find any sort of plug socket in the walls. I tried pulling the fridge out to see if it covered anything up, but it wouldn't budge. I eventually just gave up and shut the door to the machine with a loud click, telling myself I'd just wait for the power to come on; that thudding was probably the grid being worked on down the road.

The only other rooms were the dining room and the living room. The dining room was empty except for a single table in the middle. It was strangely tall, only about waist height. There was nowhere to sit. In fact, the only chair in the house was the rocking chair in the living room, still facing the door. It was warm, and sitting down I noticed it was far too big for me. It hardly even rocked. I decided to stand instead.

The telly was dated, sitting on a wobbly tripod that looked like it could collapse at any moment. A single, thick wire stretched down one of the legs into the floor. The front was a sickly brown, framing a small squarish screen that bulged out uncomfortably from the main body. It looked damp. There was nothing else on the front; no buttons or dials or anything like that. A weedy little pair of antennae sat on top, giving off a deep, piercing whine. The noise fluctuated regularly, dipping and peaking in pitch as it went. I moved away almost by instinct; my head was beginning to ache. Goosebumps prickled across my arms. I took a breath I hadn't realised I'd been holding. It tasted of burnt dust.

I'm so bored. There's nothing here to entertain me except for the telly, and that makes me feel sick even when it’s turned off, let alone switched on. The only book here is my notebook. I could write a story for myself. Write a story then bash my head against the wall so I can forget it and read it for the first time. I’d probably find the head trauma more enjoyable than the reading though.

I was already getting sick of the house. I put on my trainers, still caked in the muck from the field. Then I opened the front door and left. The sky was grey, but I felt the heat on my face. It felt nice. I don't know why. The car was gone; Dad was out. The driveway was dusty. Every so often a slight gust of wind would pass over, scattering the sand across the path and kicking up a little cloud. I walked down the steps and along the path, no particular destination in mind.

The air weighed down on me as I walked, only slightly cooled by the sweat running down my back. The dust clung to the filth on my trainers, coating them in a thin layer of reddish dirt. I kept walking, coming to a crossroads at the end of the path. To the right was a long line of shiny tarmac that started flat, before taking a sudden uphill climb. Looking through the trees, I saw the sharp point of the spire I'd seen last night. Although it was just the very tip of it, it still gave off a strange, crushing sense of anxiety. I shivered in the warmth, cold sweats and goosebumps running down my neck.

I went left, toward the village, trying not to think about it. The tarmac wobbled in the heat; its surface riddled with potholes full of murky water. I closed my eyes, listening to the trees rustling in the air. I heard a crow screeching above me, and I looked up to try and find it. I eventually saw it floating in the sky, circling the village. Looking for prey. I didn't think it would find anything; it was the first animal I'd seen since moving, alive or dead.

The road was long and flat. It couldn't really tell whether or not it wanted to be tarmac or dirt, so it kept flitting between the two. The dirt parts were dusty and the tarmac parts were sticky. Both made sure my feet kept aching. The sun shone hard on my neck. My armpits were soaked in sweat, and my shirt stuck to my back. I was tired. I hadn't even walked that far. But I kept going. I don't know why. It wasn't like I was desperate to get to the village. I think I just wanted to stay away from the house. I'd had enough of it for now. I walked for a while more, thinking about something else, when I saw it. Peering out from a sudden dip in the hill. Thurton Quay.

It loomed over me as I approached, swelling out from under the hill as I walked down the road. It had no welcome sign, but rather certain parts of the village just appeared as I went further in. The concrete pavements were cracked, oozing out the rainwater from last night. It splashed as I walked across, washing the dust from my trainers. The mud from the field began to flake off too, dyeing the stagnant pools a sickly shade of green. I looked around; it was like a ghost town. I couldn't see a single person about. Various unmarked buildings sat within the circle of road. The road itself had no markings. No building seemed to have any sort of importance; they just lay around, facing any way they liked. I could smell something. I'm not sure what. It wasn't nice. The tarmac must have been quite fresh, or maybe it had melted, because the road sank slightly beneath my feet as I walked.

The houses at the other end of the street were totally bare; crumbling white walls framing curtained windows. The thatched roofs were wet from the rain. I went to the closest porch and pressed the palm of my hand against the door. Its dark red wood felt soft against my skin. A warm wind ran through the lane, rustling my hair. I pulled my hand away. It stuck slightly to the door. I walked backwards out of the porch until I reached the middle of the road, looking up through the lane, stretching onward for a while and making a subtle curve to the left as it looped around itself. The houses all looked the same, to the point where I struggled to tell where one would end and the other begin.

Red door, curtained windows, crumbling walls, wet thatch.

They surrounded me as I walked along the road. Cars were parked on handfuls of drives, but it didn't feel like anyone lived in them. A strange emptiness cut through the walls. I didn't feel alone though. I walked with the road as it turned, and it wasn't any surprise to me that the houses kept going, still repeating up until that road we entered from yesterday. I decided to keep walking though, for no real reason. Curiosity, I guess.

I reached the road out after a few minutes of walking. The heat was suffocating. My feet were killing me and that vile smell from last night was still lingering in the air. I decided to sit down for a few minutes to rest. I leaned my back against the side of the last house to my right, facing the road as it led into the forest. I must have sat there for at least 20 minutes, just staring at the way out. I could have left. I could have simply stood up and walked out. And I wanted to. I don't know why I didn't.

I don't think I hate it here. Or at least, hate isn't the right word. There's just something about this place that repulses me, rejects me, wants me gone; this visceral urge to leave, something in the folds of my brain telling me to just get out. I still feel it, writing this. Like there's a hole where my stomach's meant to be. A weightless sort of dread. I don't want to go home. I just want to go.

Why is it like this? This isn't normal. Why did we have to leave? To come here? To a place that's hot in December and totally devoid of life? Ms. Wilson would say that my dislike of this place would be because I'm "growing up," And that these feelings are "totally normal for a boy my age". I'm not "growing up". I'm not "scared". I'm not "angry". I'm insulted.

Nothing good ever comes of me.

Sorry.

I remember how the wall of the house felt against my back. The base of it was hard, as I expected it would be, but it softened slightly as it went up, so it was surprisingly comfortable against my upper back. The grass beneath me was dry and dusty, but comfortable enough to sit on. The heat felt more like a blanket at this point, and my eyelids were starting to get heavy. A dark cloud passed over the sun, casting a shadow over the village. My watch said almost 3. That must have been when I fell asleep.

I woke up to a sharp pain in my waist. The sky was black. The air was still. The ground was warm. My shirt stuck to the wall of the house I had been sleeping against. My back was dripping with sweat. I remember how hungry I was. I hadn't eaten since breakfast the day before, and my stomach was roaring. I also remember how late it felt. I thought it would have been midnight at the earliest, but it was only seven o'clock. Eventually my eyes adjusted to the dark enough to see a little, so I got up and started the long walk back to the house.

I felt safer walking back. The village was sleeping, I guess. But there was a strange sensation in the air, a sort of hanging. Like the sky was a little too low. The air felt dry and lazy. It was cooler now, but still far too warm. My eyes had adjusted to the dark after the first sharp corner, so I sped up and kept going. I found myself not feeling at all fatigued, despite my hunger. That's not to say I wasn't at all drowsy though. I was practically sleepwalking by the time I got back to the house.

I arrived at about a quarter to eight. The car was parked in the driveway, so Dad must have come back when I was out. A few cigarette butts lay on the ground by the door. They were still smoking. Dad was plating up dinner as I entered the house. It smelled like his usual; stuff with beans on. He didn't ask me how my day was. Since there were no chairs, we couldn't really eat in the dining room, so we ate in the living room instead. Dad was on the rocking chair and I sat on the floor, my back against the wall. The food was good, if slightly undercooked. But I was too hungry to care; I finished it before Dad was even halfway done. Then I went to the now relatively full larder for a slice of bread and found that not only was that weird inner door unlocked, but it was slightly ajar. I closed it. I saw some detergent by the washing machine next to the pile of old clothes, so I decided to stuff them in and turn it on. Thankfully, it started. Soon I'll be able to wear something clean.

Sleep was starting to catch up with me, so I decided to head to bed. Dad mumbled a goodnight as he picked at his food. After closing the door behind me, I heard a sudden sharp whine and the soft crackle of static from the telly. He probably wanted me gone so he could watch it in peace. I don't care, so long as he's quiet. I want to get a good sleep tonight.

The bedroom is stuffy as usual. My eyes are practically shut. My body aches.

I don't want to dream tonight. I don't think that would be good for me.

Night.


Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

Previous part:
Title: Stop watching , we can see you too

I moved into this apartment because it was cheap. Too cheap. The landlord didn’t even ask for a deposit — just first month’s rent and a signature. He said the building was “unique” and that I’d appreciate the quiet.

He wasn’t lying. The walls are thick, the neighbors silent. But the windows… they don’t look outside.

Instead, they show a hallway. A long, dim corridor lined with doors I’ve never seen from inside the building. At first, I thought it was some kind of architectural trick. Maybe the windows were fake, like mirrors or projections. But when I pressed my hand against the glass, it was cold. Real.

Every night, around 3:17 a.m., the lights in that hallway flicker. A door opens. I can’t hear anything, but I see shadows moving. Sometimes they stop right in front of my window, as if they’re staring in.

Last night, I taped paper over the glass. When I woke up, the paper was gone. In its place was a note, written backwards, so I could only read it in the reflection:

“Stop watching. We can see you too.”

I tried to follow the hallway. I walked every floor, every stairwell, every emergency exit. Nothing matched what I saw through the glass.

But then I noticed something: the hallway in my window has more doors than yesterday. I counted. Twelve. Tonight, there were thirteen.

When the lights flickered, the thirteenth door opened. A figure stepped out. Tall, thin, wearing something like a hospital gown. It didn’t move at first. Then it raised its hand and pressed it against the glass.

The window was freezing. Too cold. Like the figure was touching me through it.

I stumbled back, heart pounding. When I looked again, the figure was gone. But the thirteenth door stayed open, and the hallway seemed darker than before.

I asked my neighbor if her windows looked outside. She laughed nervously and said she didn’t have windows at all.

Later, I knocked on her door. No answer. But through my window, I saw her door in the hallway. It opened. She walked out, eyes blank, moving like she was sleepwalking.

She stopped in front of my window and whispered something I couldn’t hear. Then the figure in the hospital gown appeared behind her. It placed its hand on her shoulder. She froze.

When I checked her apartment the next day, it was empty. Completely empty. No furniture. No trace she’d ever lived there.

I asked the landlord about her. He looked confused. Said there was never a tenant in that unit.

The notes keep coming. Always backwards, always taped to the inside of the glass.

Last night’s said: “Join us.”

I don’t know why, but I touched the window. It wasn’t cold this time. It was soft. Like skin.

The hallway lights flickered. Every door opened at once. Shadows poured out, filling the corridor. They pressed against the glass, dozens of hands, faces, mouths.

And then, for the first time, I heard them. A chorus of whispers, all saying the same thing:

“Step through.”

I yanked my hand back, but the glass stayed warm.

I don’t know how much longer I can resist. The hallway grows every night. More doors, more shadows. The notes are piling up.

I tried covering the window with a blanket. In the morning, the blanket was gone. In its place was my own handwriting, backwards:

“You already belong here.”

I don’t remember writing it. But my pen was on the floor.

Tonight, I’m going to stay awake until 3:17. If the window opens… I don’t know if I’ll be able to stop myself from stepping through.
Title: I Haven't Heard From my Colleague in a Couple of Days

It was a fairly quiet drive out to the coordinates we were given to check out. Flynn and I had fairly different music tastes, and as a sort of truce to not have to battle it out between his weird East Coast indie punk and my 2010s white girl party music we had elected to ride either in silence or listen to a podcast, though neither of us had prepared a podcasts before driving and there was no way either of us would get the signal to play it there in the woods.

“What’s up with this place again?” Flynn asked, flipping through his personal location notes.

“I’m not sure of the exacts,” I replied, “Amy just said something about a lot of the deer and such avoiding this area for some reason, wants us to check it out.”

“Couldn’t it just be a bear or something?” he said, softly shaking his head.

I couldn’t blame his annoyance; it was Christmas week after all, and we were supposed to be resting at home. I do field ecology work, and Flynn is one of the fire watchers who’s out of rotation this season. He had only gotten back home to his family a few weeks before and was called back in for this the day before. I myself was getting ready to leave for out of state when Amy called me.

“It might be, but Amy is worried over every little thing; best to sate her lest we have even more work to do in January,” I said back.

“What’s she think it is? A CWD outbreak or something? Deer are fucking scared of everything, a tree could have fallen there last month, and they would still be steering clear of it,” he rubbed his temples as he spoke.

Flynn was normally amicable and excited by forest work, but his anger was palpable. I felt the weight of having to be that one to keep up morale for once.

“I don’t know, man, let’s just get in there, look around, tell Amy there’s nothing there, then we can leave and go back to our families for the rest of the month,” I tried to hide how annoyed I was as well, but I came to realize just how negative I was sounding as well.

“Whatever,” he said back, taking out an old Gameboy Advance and playing a random game he pulled from his bag.

We sat in silence the rest of the drive to where the Jeep couldn’t go any further, and we’d have to walk the rest of the way. Despite his annoyance, Flynn always loves a hike. I could tell getting to go on a trail was peeking through his moody mask as he sighed, “Let’s get this over with.”

 Trading the map/compass and the field notes between each other every ten or so minutes, we reached the general location in about an hour and a half. It was mostly a normal stretch of untrailed forest except for a small rock outcropping that sat dead center on our given coordinates, so we did some circles around it.

We didn’t find anything particular enough to note for a report, but there were some interesting-looking bushes and saplings around. Looking at them made me think of laying a trail this way for anyone else who’d want to see them, and Flynn seemed to share my interest.

There were a couple of shrubs that, instead of being singular balls of branches and leaves, stood on four roots that led up from the ground into a normal grouping of shrubbery, most only the size of two fists. There were also similar-looking ones that had the same layout but were slightly larger, sapling-sized, with the shrub mass replaced with a thicker bit of wood and the roots about the thickness of two fingers.

There were several of each type. I assumed at that point that they were normal plants that had all grown over something, that something now disappearing and leaving the plants behind, grown into this shape.

I thought my mental question had been answered when I looked over to the rock formation and saw a small bit of rubble at the bottom. Looking above it, I saw a chamber that the falling rocks had left. The chamber was about big enough to hold a person; it seemed we had found our answer.

“Look at that, looks like the rocks shifted and it caused a mini slide, the sound must have scared the deer, so now they’re steering clear of the area,” I said, also writing the area down in my field notes.

“Shame we’ve never been out here,” Flynn said to both me and me without looking at my discovery, “these growth formations are pretty- Shit!” My neck snapped to look at Flynn.

He had already begun going to suck the cut; he had gotten on his index finger, leading into the center of his palm.

“Piece of shit cut me,” he said under his breath.

Flynn was known to be reckless in the field, always falling, getting bitten, or being cut. He almost drowned one time because he slipped and hit his head sliding down a stream and landed in a waist-deep pond, knocked out. Amy was there to pull him out, thankfully.

“Let me grab something for it,” I said, taking my bag off my back, taking out a small white box.

The box was the first aid kit we were supposed to carry everywhere and was labeled as such, though the “irst” in first had been covered in masking tape and written on, making it say “Flynn Aid Kit,” a joke one of our colleagues had done to all the first aid kits in April that none of us bothered to peel off.

I grabbed the bottle of disinfectant spray and a small bit of gauze and cotton to dress the wound.

“I can do it myself, Robin,” Flynn said. I was already spraying the cut.

“You’re slow, and it’s cold as hell. The faster we can call Amy and get out of here, the faster I can be warm till the new year,” I didn’t even look at his face while he talked, fully dressing the cut in about 45 seconds.

As we got up to leave, I accidentally kicked one of the shrubs, ripping it out of the ground and landing about 5 feet from me. Flynn and I looked at each other, then at it. I decided it was interesting enough to bring back and pot, so I carefully slid it into my bag, and we got back on the trail.

Getting back to the Jeep, we called Amy, gave her a fair helping of grievance for making us come out when we were supposed to be off, then let her know it was nothing to worry about, and it was just a mini rock slide.

Flynn left as soon as we got back to the main research cabin, but I still had a day’s worth of packing and now cleaning to do since I had to stay in the cabin a day longer than expected. I would’ve been gone the next day, but apparently, some snow washed out a road farther up during the night, and I was stuck at the cabin till someone could come get me in a better off-roading car than my 2007 Toyota Corolla.

I had decided to waste my time potting the plant in my bag, distracting myself for an hour as I got it ready.

In the middle of my work, I got a text from Flynn.

“Hey man, I just got in late last night and woke up with the fever, are you feeling alright?” it read simply.

“I’m alright, you probably just caught something being out in the cold,” I texted back.

“KK, just checking in, Merry Christmas Robin, the wife says hi,” he sent a picture with him, his wife, and his two children waving at the camera. Normally, I’d stop by on Christmas day for dinner, but at the rate it was going, I wasn’t sure if I’d be in civilization before I had to go back after New Year's.

I got the thing fully planted in a large pot and had it in the common area, watching DVDs on the TV to pass the time, falling asleep after my second rewatch of Home Alone.

I woke up around noon the next day, made myself some oatmeal and fruit, and sat down to continue my slow binge of every Christmas movie anyone has left in this cabin over the years of it being there before checking my phone, not expecting anything, but seeing another text from Flynn.

“Hey, texting again, fever is still pretty bad, feeling like death warmed over, plus now my scalp is itchy, sounds like any plant sickness you know of?” it said

“Nothing I know of, probably dirt and sand and shit from the woods you haven’t fully washed off yet,” I replied

“Did you manage to pot that shrub we got?” he said back

“Yeah, I did,” I sent a picture of it sitting next to the couch.

“Sick, anyway, sorry to bother you, Merry Christmas again,” he texted.

“You too, Flynn,” I put the phone down and just kinda zoned out for a while.

Out of sheer boredom, I snapped myself out of my dazed state around an hour later and started reading through a lot of the field manuals around and generally wasting time. I came back to the common room, having thoroughly exhausted the far from expansive library of field guides, ranger diaries, and pamphlets lying around the building.

Deciding to take a further gander at my plant, I noticed a small sprig off to the side of it. On the ground was this small twig, almost too small to see. Despite its size, it seemed fully formed, even had tiny leaves that dotted it that looked similar to the plant’s.

I was caught out of interest by another text, this time from Amy.

“Has Flynn been texting you about this cold he has, too?” it read.

“Yeah, every couple of hours he’s telling me about a new symptom like he’s got the plague or something,” I said back.

“I told him to keep his shit to you and himself. I have anxiety about my own self enough; I don’t need him giving me something new to watch out for,” I could hear the exasperation in her voice.

“Well, thanks for giving me a break then, Amy,” I texted back, then put my phone down.

I momentarily found quiet until another text came through, now from Flynn.

“Just got chewed out by Amy, but is it normal for my teeth to feel weird during a cold? Feels like I haven’t gotten sick in years,” I was confused at his words.

“Define ‘weird’” his texting icon lit up and went down a couple of times over the next five minutes, like he was thinking of what to say next.

“I don’t know, like tingly. You know the feeling when your adult teeth would push out your baby teeth, and it’d feel like an itch in your gum you couldn’t reach? Kinda like that,” I thought a moment.

“You might have a sinus infection,” I said simply.

“Makes sense, that’d explain the pressure behind my eyes as well,” I looked at my phone, shocked for a few moments.

“What do you mean by pressure behind your eyes?” he began texting back.

“You know, like a pushing feeling, but sinus pressure would definitely do that too, so I’m not worried anymore.”

“Whatever you say,” I texted back, turning off my phone to fully rest my brain.

I numbed myself for a few more hours before going back to sleep and waking up later into the next morning. Turning my phone back on to see a bunch of missed calls from Flynn and several texts.

“The pressure is getting stronger. I’m not sure what’s going on.”

“My wife didn’t get a fever, but she’s saying she has the teeth thing too, feel bad for giving it to her, but just happy it’s contagious like a normal cold, haha.”

“Kid just woke up with a fever, there goes my fun.”

“I’m starting to get a splitting headache, shit sucks.”

“Hey Robin? I think something is wrong.”

“Robin? Hello.”

“Robin, please answer. I think something is really wrong. I’m feeling awful.”

I texted back over and over again, even called him, his house, his wife, nothing picked up or answered, and my texts were left delivered. It sat like that all day, nothing went through, and I was worried sick, so I decided to call Amy.

“Have you heard from Flynn?” I asked.

“Not since I told him to stop talking to me about his cold, why?” she said back.

“He just sent me a bunch of texts and called me while I was asleep, and now he isn’t answering. The road is still washed out, so I can’t get out to him, could you?”

“No can do, I’m still in the tower, can’t leave for another few weeks, you’ll have to wait till they fix it, I heard something about it being done tomorrow.”

“Well, at least I’ll be in time for Christmas to go see him, I’m sure he’s just at a doctor or doing holiday prep or something,” I lied to myself to steel my nerves.

“Sure, I have a bit of smoke I have to go check out, text you when I make it back to the tower,” She left with that, not saying anything more.

I paced anxiously around for an hour or so before looking back down at the plant. Those sprigs, there were more of them, dozens that surrounded the plant, I gently swept them to the side until something caught my eye.

For a moment, I thought one was twitching, almost like a dead or dying fly, but my vision corrected itself, and yep, just a sprig.

I occupied myself with that almost enough not to hear the knocking on the door that startled me, not expecting it. Hoping it was Flynn to come get me or maybe Amy, I opened it, only to see a man I didn’t know in a high-vis vest and a white hard hat.

“Hey, I heard you were the only one out here,” he looked at me disinterestedly.

“Yeah, that’d be me,” I said, tense.

“Well, we probably aren’t gonna be able to stabilize the road for another week because of Christmas being tomorrow, but we cut a little road next to it if you want me to guide you through so you can leave,” he picked at his stubble while he spoke.

“Yeah, that sounds great actually,” I quickly ran inside to grab my last pack of things to stuff into my car, taking a last look at the shrub before leaving, a next sprig lying on the ground, darker than the others, but ignoring it and getting in my car.

It took about 20 minutes of leading to get to the cleared path, and I carefully threaded through it onto the main road, waving to the kind worker as I drove off, heading into the 2 to 3-hour drive to Flynn’s house to check on him.

I tried calling multiple times as I went every 20 minutes, but nothing went through, and anxiety and worry filled me as I got up his driveway. His house is tucked a bit into the woods, so I only actually say it once I was entirely up the mile-long driveway.

I got to the door and knocked, no answer, knocking again, once again, no answer. It was an eerie silence; nothing was going on in the house, which was strange for an active family.

I checked their carport, and there both of the family’s cars were, just sitting there, like they hadn’t moved in a week.

Deciding something was wrong, I went to their back door, which was mostly made of old, thin glass panes that I easily smashed and opened from the inside. I walked into the house, the air was still and dank like a greenhouse, making my way through the mudroom in the back to the kitchen.

The wet-wood smell got stronger as I went through the empty kitchen into the dining room, where I stood confused in the doorway for a moment.

A mass of wood sat at the head of the table, like old growth, but sitting still, top going no higher than my chest, with branches that extended into the table, my confusion left as I saw how a fork was placed into one of the branches, a branch that was darker than the rest, like it was years older, and a crack at the very end like a deep gash, Flynn.

Calming myself, I went further into the house, sat in front of the living room TV was another mass, smaller. I sat still, almost in a ball shape, with four branches, two that formed a loop touching the ground, and two more that connected in, a round, small, separate mass facing the TV that was cracked and static-y.

I moved further in, getting to Flynn and his wife’s bedroom, a third mass, smaller than the first but larger than the second, lay long on the bed, a noticeably lighter color than the other two.

I flinched as I heard something like labored breathing outside the room, running to where the children’s bedrooms were, seeing Flynn’s youngest on the bed, writhing.

“Hey Donny, it’s okay, it’s okay, I got you, we’re going to the hospital, it’s okay,” I scooped him up, pulling his head into my chest so he wouldn’t see the rest of the house, hoping to spare him from that at least.

“Where are my mommy and daddy? I haven’t seen them since yesterday. I couldn’t leave my bed,” he was openly crying into my shirt as I carried him.

“They’re okay, everything is gonna work out, alright?” I knew they were gone, I just wanted to save him if it was at all possible.

I loaded him into the back seat, buckling him into a lying position as I got into the driver's seat and began to drive. It was 45 minutes to the nearest hospital. I sped down the road, hearing his breathing grow harder and harder, his wiggling growing less and less audible. I was able to make the drive in 30 minutes, getting out and going to the back, and I saw it was too late.

Going to pick him up, he was stiff. His skin as hardened like sapling bark, locked into the fetal position in my back seat. I stopped myself, electing not to touch him, but went back to my driver's seat and just sat there. I caught my breath as a new text hit my phone. It was from Amy.

“Were they able to get you out? I got to stop by the cabin because a bit of smoke was over there, and you weren’t there. You owe me a Band-Aid for my kit by the way. I went to touch your stupid plant, and it cut [me](”
Title: The Door to Hell is Open [Part 1]

There's an abandoned insane asylum on Rowland Street, just outside the city. Local urban explorers go to it all the time, but my friends and I never even knew it existed until a couple of weeks ago. We went to check it out for ourselves early this morning.

"I feel like this place is going to collapse once we step inside," Ryan said, holding his flashlight up as we took in the huge, three-story asylum that loomed over us.

It was six in the morning—the mostly-agreed-upon time for our little adventure—and my friends and I had all just arrived after parking off the side of the dirt road. Sunrise was a little ways off, so it was still dark outside.

If I had to describe the asylum in one word, it would be "ancient". If it ever had a name, it was forgotten by history. Every part of its weathered brick structure was either crumbling, riddled with cracks, or—like the glass in the barred windows—simply gone. There wasn't even a front door; just a black, gaping maw. Time had not been kind to this building.

"Don't threaten me with a good time," Jack said. He was the only one who didn't want to do this at six in the morning.

"You can die later," I said. "Let's go inside and see what we can find." I flicked my flashlight on and off a few times to make sure the battery was good and it was working properly. I wasn't going to make the same mistake as last time.

"One sec," Megan said. She was kneeling over a bag next to her boyfriend, George, getting her camera out and hanging it around her neck. They both love photography, and this was the perfect opportunity for them. "Okay, we're ready."

"Everyone good?" Ryan asked. After making sure we had on our masks, goggles, and gloves, we all said yes—minus Jack, who just kind of stood there, existing. "Alright, let's go."

We "walked" up the "path" to the asylum, which was more of a careful climb over perilous tripping hazards. Good thing we were all wearing boots. Various scattered bricks, beer bottles, and sharp edges later, we reached the entrance.

"Alright," Ryan said, "the people I talked to said that this place is mostly safe, except for the third floor, which has a bunch of holes."

"A bunch of 'holes'?" I asked.

"I don't know," Ryan said, stepping up and shining his flashlight through the large, doorless opening. "Falling apart, I guess? Just like the rest of it seems to be."

I shrugged, and we all walked inside, looking around.

"The reception area," George said, walking around some shattered glass.

He was probably right. It was a large, open room with the crumbling remains of what could have been a reception counter, along with some doors behind it. Glass, bricks, and pieces of metal littered the floor. Graffiti was all over the walls.

"I see at least three dicks on this wall," Jack said, "kind of kills the creepy vibe." He seemed to be more interested in the graffiti than the room itself.

Megan walked over to look, then snapped a photo with her camera. We stared at her for a moment. "What?" she said, lowering her camera. "This could have historical significance."

"Okay," Ryan said, as he examined the doorless exits to the room, "there are two wings to this asylum; the east wing and the west wing." He pointed his flashlight at each one. "Let's start with the west." He led us into the dark.

We walked down the asylum corridors, looking into each room as we went. It was hard to tell the purpose of most of the rooms because almost nothing was left; just various forms of mangled debris. Dust swirled everywhere in the darkness, and I silently thanked my mask.

"I found a bedroom," I said, after inspecting what I initially thought was a broom closet. It was hard to tell, but I could see metal pieces on the floor that were laid out in a vaguely rectangular shape. "I think this was a bed."

"This was definitely a bedroom," George said as the rest of them walked over. "We must have reached the patient bedrooms, then."

"I think you mean 'prisoner cells'," Megan said. She had a disgusted look as she took a photo.

"Yeah, this is more like a Tokyo apartment than a room people would live in voluntarily," Jack said.

I could only agree — these rooms were way too small. I couldn't imagine how awful it would be to live in one of them. Not really a good place to help someone regain their sanity.

Ryan gave the room a cursory glance over my shoulder and went on to the next one. He called back to us, "There are more of them going this way."

There were dozens of bedrooms after that, all exactly the same. Except for one.

"Hey, look at this," Jack shouted from a room nearby.

Looking inside, we saw Jack standing in a room full of ash. It was everywhere, even on the walls. Jack had stirred up a small cloud of it by walking inside, and I made sure my goggles and mask were keeping it out of my eyes and lungs.

"What happened in here?" Megan asked. None of the other bedrooms looked like this, and we hadn't seen ash anywhere else until now.

"Maybe there was a fire?" I said, guessing.

Ryan squinted into the room, which was lit by our flashlights. "It's completely covered in ash, though. How much flammable material could have possibly been in here?"

"Maybe the guy had a lot of blankets," Jack said.

George turned to him. "A lot of blankets?" he asked.

"Some people love blankets. Collect them, too," Jack replied. "Like me."

We all looked at him. Jack stood firm. "What?" he said. "Being gently caressed by blankets at six in the morning is one of life's greatest pleasures."

"You're a child," Megan said, rolling her eyes. "You can hibernate after we're done here." She held up her camera and intentionally blinded Jack by taking a few photos.

After Jack stopped cursing, George stepped into the room and inspected some of the visible debris in the ash. He and Jack started flipping over dislodged bricks and pieces of rusted metal as they began to search the room.

"What are you looking for?" I asked. The rest of us had taken a few steps back to stay out of the ash cloud they were kicking up. "How can you see in that?"

"This is the most interesting room we've seen so far," Jack said, rubbing some ash off a wall. "And I no longer need to see. I've already embraced death."

"There could be something in here that explains the ash," George said, ignoring Jack's whining. He was checking a far corner of the room.

Ash was filling the corridor as Ryan, Megan, and I tried to keep watching them. It was seeping into our hair and clothes. We probably looked like ghosts at this point, and I was going to take multiple showers after this.

"I found something," Jack said suddenly. He pointed to the wall in front of him as he crouched down. George stepped over to look. The rest of us decided to brave the ash and join them.

"You sure?" Ryan asked. I couldn't tell what Jack was trying to point out either.

"Look," Jack said, running his finger over one of the cracked bricks. "There's a hole here."

"Because it's a cracked brick," Megan said, not amused. "Is this the beginning of another one of your quote-on-quote 'jokes'?"

"No, seriously," Jack said. "Watch."

He shined his flashlight into the hole. I couldn't see anything in it.

"I don't see anything," George said.

"Exactly," Jack replied.

Silence.

"Okay, the pause was the joke," Jack said quickly, before we could murder him. "There's a hollow space behind this brick, otherwise we would be seeing something."

We looked closer. "He's right," I said. There was definitely an empty space behind the brick. I stepped away from the wall and turned around. "I'm going to dislodge it so we can see what's back there."

I fought through a few piles of ash before I found a rusty metal rod that was slightly pointed at one end. As I cautiously grabbed it, I tried to remember the last time I had a tetanus shot. The others stepped back to give me space as I approached the brick.

I leveraged the rod against the brick and pushed, and it barely required any force at all; the brick basically crumbled away. I put the rod down carefully and held my flashlight up to see inside.

"What's in there?" Ryan asked. The others were trying to look over my shoulder, but the hole was small.

I looked into the hidden space. "There's a box," I said.

It was a small, heavily rusted metal box. I put my hand in and took it out. Everyone was silent at this unexpected find. There was a latch on top of the box that broke instantly when I tried to open it.

"You broke my box," Jack said, looking hurt.

I ignored him and said, "Let's go into another room and check what's inside. I can't see anything in here." The ash really was awful, especially now that literally everyone was stirring it up.

We stepped out of the room and went a considerable distance down the hall to escape the ash. After jumping up and down a few times to get some of it off, we entered a relatively cleaner room.

"Alright, let's see what's inside," I said as I held up the box for everyone to watch. I was almost blinded by all of their flashlights as I pulled back the lid.

"Papers," Jack said. "Presumably with words on them. My worst fear."

It was a little bundle of loosely rolled up paper. Each page was probably half as large as a sheet of office paper.

"Wait," George said. "Let me take a look, I have the delicate touch for this sort of thing." He took off his gloves, and I held up the box so he could surgically grab the roll of paper.

As he touched the paper, the outermost page disintegrated.

"An incredible display of—" Jack started to say before getting smacked aside by Megan.

"Shut up, it's fine," Megan said, looking at the destroyed paper. "The rest of the pages are probably in better condition."

She was right, and George was able to take the remaining pages into his hand.

He carefully—very carefully—unrolled the pages in front of our eyes.

They were mostly unsalvageable. The outer pages had completely deteriorated, and most of the inner pages were too yellowed and splotchy to read.

However, the innermost paper was in better condition than the rest. It had quite a few spots of legible writing:

---

......................my doctor......................................

............and found a hatch....this room.................

underneath.............................going to....inside...

....................I saw........................the..................

..........and............................sky...........................

.....................D......OPEN.....E DOOR.......'T......N...

.T.............DON'T........THE..DO........................OP..

N..THE......R........HELL...........IT....WH..SP..RS.....

---

"What the hell?" Ryan asked during his turn to read the page. The rest of us had already read it, and Megan had taken a few photos.

Jack looked at the paper again. He had been uncharacteristically silent after he read it. "It's something no one has laid eyes on for at least a hundred years—until now," he said, looking into the darkness of the open door. "Hooray for us! Now let's call it a day and go home."

George considered this and said, "Yeah, I don't really like this either, maybe we should head back." He eyed the paper again. "Maybe bring that to a museum or something."

Megan looked down and fiddled with her ponytail nervously—using her ash-covered glove—before saying, "...I don't know." Her head came up. "This guy seems to have gone mad, sure, and obviously it's a bit scary reading the bits at the end, but should we really leave without investigating?"

"Investigate what?" Ryan asked, moving away from the paper.

"There's obviously something else in the room," I said. "The page makes it pretty clear that there may be some kind of hatch on the floor. I don't know what we'll find under it, but I think it's worth rechecking the room either way."

"What, look for a hatch that made someone go crazy?" Jack said, trying and failing to maintain a casual tone. "Great idea! Absolutely, let's do that. You guys go on ahead, I'll catch up."

"There's no way to be sure it made him go crazy," Megan said. "And this is an insane asylum, after all. What if the author was already insane?"

George stood up and raised his hands in a gesture of peace. "Let's not argue about this, guys. How about a vote?" he asked. "Show of hands. Do we reinvestigate the room filled with ash? Raise hands for yes."

George lowered his hand.

Jack lowered his hand.

Megan raised her hand.

I raised my hand.

Ryan looked at us. "Of course I'm the tie-breaker," he said. "Classic."

He closed his eyes for a moment, thinking, and said, "This is why we're here, isn't it? To explore forgotten buildings and see the lingering echoes of history for ourselves?" Megan rolled her eyes before Ryan opened his. "Discovering secrets should be a part of that. It is for me, at least."

Ryan raised his hand, and the vote was decided.

George and Jack reluctantly followed us, with Jack mumbling something about the asylum and how well we fit in.

We went back to the Ash Room—cleverly dubbed by Jack—and searched the floor as best we could, with the aforementioned ash making it hard to see anything.

After about five minutes, I found it.

"It's here," I said as I pried up a loose brick with my gloved fingers. A flat surface of rusted metal peeked through the gap.

We took out the surrounding bricks, which were easy after the first was removed, and a metal hatch in the floor was revealed. It was heavily rusted and thinned out to the point where holes showed through in some places.

"Let's get this hatch off," I said, "and see what's down there." I picked up the metal rod I used earlier for the hidden box.

Jack immediately raised his hands and said, "WOAH, woah, woah there, hold it, buddy. We just agreed to *find* it, not to immediately open the door that someone mentioned along with words such as 'DON'T OPEN' and 'HELL'." He took a few steps back, eyeing the rusty metal.

"Jack," I said, kneeling down and pointing my flashlight through a particularly large hole in the metal, "take a look at this for a second. No, really, come closer and take a look." I waved him over.

He reluctantly approached, and we looked through the hole in the metal together. On the other side of the hatch was a stairway carved out of stone that went down, descending only a short distance before opening into what was obviously a hallway.

"Does that look like Hell to you?" I asked, meeting his eyes.

He looked down at the stairs a bit longer before he stood and threw up his hands. "Those are the stairs to Hell. It's a diabolical trick, and the hatch is simply a deception. You've been played." He looked at us and gestured down to the hatch. "There is a demon in that hallway, right out of sight, ready to kill us all. And eat us. Probably both of those things at once, if we're being real."

Megan stood there, tapping her foot in the ash impatiently during his tirade. "So this is who you were talking about then?" she asked, facing Jack.

Jack paused for a second. "What?"

"The demon," Megan said.

"What do you mean?" Jack asked, genuinely confused now.

"The demon," Megan repeated, with a straight face. "The one collecting all of the blankets."

"OKAY, THAT'S—" Jack began to explode.

"STOP!" Ryan shouted, cutting off the imminent chaos. "Christ, guys, can we please just get this open? The sun is already coming up outside." He pointed out to the hall.

We turned to look, and he was right — the sun was definitely coming up. The pitch black was being replaced by deep shadow.

Jack sighed and relented, "Alright, alright, fine. Let's do it." He looked resigned as we went to pull up the hatch.

The metal hatch came off rather easily. We gathered around the opening and gazed down the stone stairs.

"There's a nasty-looking crack near the bottom of the stairs," George said, pointing to it. It was a fairly large crack that caved in the right half of the last three steps.

"We can just stick to the left side, it's fine," I said. "This is less treacherous than the walk up to the asylum itself." There were murmurs of agreement.

Everyone hesitated for a moment as we looked down. After reading that paper, we were still pretty spooked, and subconsciously unwilling on some level to take the first step.

Eventually, I mustered up a bit of courage. "I'll go first," I said, before starting to go down.

"I'll come with," George said. He followed behind me.

Megan wasn't about to let her boyfriend go off without her, so she quickly trailed after George.

"Wait up," Ryan said, shadowing Megan.

Everyone but Jack went down the stairs.

After a moment, Jack let out a frustrated grunt. "I guess the demon will be busy eating the rest of you if I need to run," he said as he grudgingly followed us.

I reached the bottom of the stairs, avoiding the broken steps on my right by keeping to the left, and illuminated the tunnel in front of me with my flashlight.

"What...?" I said.

"What is it?" George asked, wedging himself next to me as I stopped in the cramped tunnel.

"Look," I said.

Down the tunnel, the light revealed something confusing. The tunnel went ahead fifty feet before ending with another set of stairs.

Except these stairs were going *up*.

"This might be a secret exit out of the asylum," George said before noticing something. "Wait, look at the bottom steps."

Everyone was trying to see over our shoulders as I became even more confused.

These stairs had the exact same crack, in the exact same steps, but on the opposite side. Like a mirrored version of the stairs we just went down.

"What?" Jack said from behind, unable to see with everyone in front of him. "What's down there? A demon?"

"There's another set of stairs," Ryan said, barely able to see while crouching down on a higher step. "They go up, and have the same crack in them."

"This doesn't make any sense," Megan said. "And where do those stairs even go?"

Fueled by curiosity, I kept walking until I reached the base of the second set of stairs and shined my flashlight up.

"A door," I said, inspecting it.

Up the same number of steps as the previous stairway was a solid-looking, rectangular black metal door with a bone-white handle. It was seamlessly flush with the terminal end of the stone tunnel.

"Hey, remember that one time I talked about a certain door and said something about opening it?" Jack's voice was clear in the cramped tunnel. "Possibly related to an ominous, frantic note left by an insane dead guy?"

I was getting tired of the persistent, irrational fear that was still plaguing all of us. "It probably just leads outside," I reasoned, firming my resolve as I hugged the right side and started climbing the steps. "You should be happy after throwing so many tantrums about wanting to leave."

"Don't exaggerate," Jack called out as I ascended. "They were dignified and legitimate concerns over my lack of proper rest, because it's most likely compromising my physical health. I'm fragile."

I reached the top of the stairs and pushed open the door before I could change my mind.

It swung open to reveal faint morning sunlight and an area somewhere outside of the asylum. I turned off my flashlight and stepped out the door.

"I told you," I said, "it just leads—" The words died in my throat.

George walked over and stood next to me as he slowly turned his head in every direction.

"Holy shit," Megan breathed as the rest of them came out. She started taking pictures rapidly.

"What is it this time—" Jack stopped cold as he emerged.

Silence, as we looked out over Hell.

[Part 2](
Title: The Drain

We came back to empty the house, as if that were a task and not an intrusion. No one said the word *clean*, because we all knew nothing there had ever been cleaned, only left to accumulate. My grandmother María had already passed away when we returned, and her absence weighed more than the furniture still left inside. My mother went in first, her shoulders raised, as if expecting a blow, and my aunt followed behind her, counting steps she didn’t say out loud. I stayed one second longer at the front door, breathing an air I didn’t recognize as old, but as contained, as if the house had been holding something back for the exact moment someone touched it again.

We went up to the second floor; we didn’t say it, our bodies remembered the order better than we did. The stairs creaked in the same places, and that detail bothered me more than the silence. My mother touched the wall with the tip of her fingers, not to steady herself—she wanted to confirm it was still there. She knew. The air was colder than outside on the street, but it didn’t move; it was a still cold that settled low in my lungs.

“Do you remember when the power went out?” my aunt said, without looking at us.

“It was always at night,” my mother replied.

No one added anything else.

We walked slowly, dodging furniture that was no longer there, and still our bodies avoided those sharp corners. I felt a light pressure in my chest, like when a room is full even if no one is in it. I thought it was just suggestion, because of everything we lived in that house, until I saw my mother stop for a second, bring her hand to her sternum, and release her breath all at once, as if she had remembered something too quickly.

It’s almost funny to think how all of us went to the same place. Without speaking, without looking at each other. Our bodies led us there, the blood pushing through our veins toward that room. The door to my grandmother María’s bedroom opened without resistance, and that was the first thing that felt wrong. I expected stiffness, swollen wood, some kind of refusal. Instead, the room yielded. The smell was different from the rest of the house: cleaner, more familiar, and yet something was stuck there, like an emotion that can’t find a way out. I felt nostalgia before I even thought of her, but the feeling didn’t come alone. Beneath it was fear. And beneath the fear, a quiet anger that had been forming for years, ancient, not mine and yet it recognized me.

My aunt stayed at the door. My mother took two steps in and stopped. I knew, without anyone telling me, that something had been understood there that was never explained. It wasn’t a bright revelation or a clear scene. It was more like a total, uncomfortable certainty, like suddenly seeing an entire body in an X‑ray: the house, us, and the damage aligned in a single image that left no room for doubt.

The room was almost empty, but not uninhabited. There were clear marks where the furniture had once been, paler rectangles on the floor, solitary nails on the wall, and a low dresser no one wanted to remove because it didn’t weigh as much as what it had held. When I opened the top drawer, the coins clinked against each other with a familiarity that tightened my throat. My grandmother kept them there so she wouldn’t forget that something small was always needed. My mother picked one up, rubbed it with her thumb, and put it back, as if it still had a purpose in that dresser.

We found normal things: a rosary without a cross, buttons that no longer matched, a handkerchief folded with care. That would have been enough for a clean, manageable sadness. But then something appeared that we didn’t recognize. It was inside the bottom drawer, wrapped in a cloth that didn’t belong to my grandmother—or at least I had never seen it before. The fabric was rougher, darker, and it smelled different. Not of humidity: of confinement. It was a small object, heavy for its size, and none of the three of us could say where it had come from. My aunt shook her head immediately. My mother held it a second longer than necessary, as if waiting for the memory of something to arrive late. I knew, without knowing how, that it hadn’t been there before the house began to get sick.

In the end, my mother threw it to the floor.

“Later we’ll sweep the floor and get this thing out of here,” she said, looking away from it.

Beside the dresser was the bed, and to the right of the bed was the corner of the wall. The air changed right there—not colder or warmer, but denser, as if it were harder to push through. I felt a sudden pressure on my shoulders, a directionless shove, and my heart answered with a force that didn’t match fear. It wasn’t panic. It was recognition.

My mother stepped back. My aunt placed her hand on the wall and pulled it away immediately, as if she had touched something alive. I stayed still, an uncomfortable certainty growing from my stomach to my chest: that corner didn’t belong to this room. It never had. It didn’t fit. It was a piece from another puzzle. But something caught my attention—something in the paint on the wall. Not because of what it showed, but because it didn’t quite settle. In the corner, the color looked poorly set, as if it had been reapplied in a hurry. I brought my hand closer without thinking too much and pressed my palm firmly against a surface that should have been solid.

The vibration was immediate. Not a visible tremor, but an internal response, muted, that climbed up my forearm and lodged itself in my chest. I pulled my hand away and pressed it again, this time with more force. The wall gave way just slightly, enough for the body to understand something before the mind found words. Behind that corner there was no weight. There was passage.

I leaned in and brought my ear closer. The sound wasn’t clear or continuous. It wasn’t water, or air, or any recognizable noise. It was more like an accumulation of poorly extinguished breaths, something moving very slowly, as if the space itself were being used. I pulled back and rested my head against another section of the wall. There everything was different: cold, compact, full. It returned nothing.

“Come here,” I said, not knowing why my voice came out so low.

My mother was the first to repeat the gesture. She pressed the wall, frowned, and pulled her hand back with a discomfort she didn’t want to explain. My aunt leaned her head against it next, closed her eyes for a second, and shook her head.

“And this?” I asked. “What is this?”

No one answered right away.

“It’s always been there, I think,” my aunt said at last, more like a guess than a memory. “The thing is, my mom had the wardrobe right in this corner. There was never a reason to touch it or examine it.”

The explanation didn’t calm anyone. Because the question remained intact, vibrating just like the wall: if that had always been there, what had been happening inside all those years without us noticing?

The first thing we thought about was the first floor. Years ago it had been completely remodeled: walls opened, pipes replaced, floors lifted. Today it was a commercial space, with bright lights and clean display windows. If something like that had existed down there, someone would have found it. No one had mentioned strange cracks, or voids, or sounds that didn’t belong. Everything had been in order.

That led us to the next step, almost without saying it. We began to go through the other rooms on the second floor, not to inspect them, but to touch them. Feel the wall. Press corners. Rest our heads just enough. It was a brief, clinical inspection. Nothing happened anywhere. The walls returned cold, density, silence. They were walls the way walls are supposed to be.

We returned then to my grandmother María’s room with a feeling hard to name: relief and alarm at the same time. Because what we had found wasn’t scattered. It was localized. We measured with our bodies what we could see. The vibration didn’t stay in one exact point; it spread horizontally, taking up a good part of the wall, like a poorly sealed cavity. But when we tried to follow it downward, the sound faded. It didn’t descend. It refused the floor.

I lifted my head. Brought my ear higher, near the edge of the ceiling. There the space responded again. Not with noise, but with continuity. As if the emptiness didn’t end in that room. As if it continued.

“Up,” I said, before thinking whether I wanted to know. “This is coming from above.”

We stayed for a moment on the landing, looking upward without really doing it. That was when I asked, more out of necessity than curiosity:

“Who slept right above my grandmother’s room?”

My mother took a while to answer. She frowned, as if the image refused to come to her.

“I think… it was the main bedroom,” she said, without conviction. “But I’m not sure. I stopped going up after a while.”

I nodded. Because I myself had stopped going up very early in my life. My body had decided before my memory did.

My aunt didn’t answer right away. She had her hand on the railing, her knuckles white.

“Yes,” she said at last. “It was the main one.”

I looked at her.

“Pureza’s?”

She nodded once.

“She and Agustín slept there. At first,” she said, almost whispering. “Later he ended up on the couch,” she added. “She said she couldn’t sleep with him next to her.”

We all knew that.

“The twins slept next door,” she continued, her voice dropping a little more. “The rooms were connected from the inside. But theirs didn’t have a door to the hallway. The only door was hers.”

I felt something very close to anger, but without direction. I had always thought that in the end, they had built a door for my cousins. For their privacy and their… needs.

“So to get out,” I said, “they had to go through her room.”

“Always,” my aunt replied.

That was when I understood why my aunt didn’t want to go upstairs. It wasn’t the house. It was the people she had been forced to remember inside it.

My mother was the first to say we had to go up. She didn’t say it firmly, but with that quiet stubbornness that appears when there’s nothing left to lose. I nodded immediately. My aunt shook her head, stepped back, then again.

“We don’t have to go up,” she said. “We already know enough.”

“No,” I replied. “We know where from. But we don’t know what.”

She looked at both of us, as if searching our faces for a valid reason to put her body back where it didn’t want to be. In the end she went up, but she did it behind us, keeping the exact distance of someone who wants to leave quickly if anything moves.

The stairs to the third floor had a different sound. Not louder. Hollower. I climbed counting the steps without meaning to—sixteen—and on each one I felt the space narrowing.

We walked down the hallway toward Pureza’s room without stopping too much, but not quickly either. There was no order to respect: the accumulation had already taken care of filling everything. Dust layered thick, cracks in the walls like dry mouths, paint lifted and burst open from humidity and years. The smell was sour, old, insistent. 
At the end of the hallway, directly in front of us, was the door. I recognized it before we reached it. Not because it was different, but because the body remembered its weight. Pureza’s room.

We went in. And the first thing I thought was how much someone takes with them when they leave. A television, for example. No one leaves a television behind if they’re in a hurry, if they’re fleeing, if they need to start over. Unless they don’t want to take anything that witnessed them. There was also a plastic rocking chair, twisted to one side. The yellowed curtains hung heavy, so worn it seemed a minimal breeze could turn them to dust. Nothing there seemed made to stay clean. In a corner, a basket of clothes remained intact. It had stayed there, anchored to the room, absorbing whatever the air offered it.

The mattress was bare, resting directly on the base. Gray. Sunken. Stained. There were brown marks, yellow ones, and a darker one, reddish brown, that I didn’t want to look at for too long. The image reached me before the memory: Eva, unconscious, her body surrendered after convulsions. Uncle Agustín crying silently, sitting on the edge, combing her hair with his fingers as if that could give something back to her. And Eva didn’t convulse like someone who falls and shakes on the floor. She convulsed like someone responding to a war alarm that never shuts off. Pureza wasn’t there. She was never there. Always in the kitchen or out on the street. Doing who knows what.

To the right, the door that led to the twins’ room was still there. We couldn’t enter without passing through this one. We never could. I peeked in. The space was narrow, compressed. Two beds too close to each other. A wardrobe that held more of Pureza’s things than theirs. Wood bitten by termites, dust, tight cobwebs in the corners. But what weighed the most wasn’t what could be seen.

I thought of Esteban. How he didn’t sleep. How he stayed lying down, hugging his pillow, begging for morning to come, trying not to take his eyes off his sister. Eva watched him from the foot of the bed, her eyes unfocused, her body rigid, her muscles ready to run. Vigilant. As if the danger didn’t come from outside, but from something already inside the room. Inside his roommate.

I felt a horrible pressure in my chest. Sadness. Fear. An ancient pain that hadn’t found a place to settle. And I understood that space had not been a bedroom. It had been a permanent state of alert. A place where growing up meant learning not to sleep.

I pulled my head out of that room to begin the inspection. We moved together, touching the walls the way you touch someone who’s asleep, unsure if waking them is a good idea. The hand went ahead of the body, and the head stayed behind, approaching only as much as was humanly possible and necessary. The horror wasn’t in what we could see, but in what the blood seemed to recognize and want to avoid.

When we reached the corner, we tried first at head height. Open palms, firm pressure. Nothing. The wall returned what was expected: solidity, cold, silence. We lowered to chest height. The same. No vibration, no hollow, no response. Above, over our heads, nothing either. We tapped lightly and got a full sound. Normal.

I looked down.

At first it seemed the same. But when we stayed still, holding our breath a second longer, something else appeared. Not a sound. A force. A slight, insistent pull, as if something were tugging from inside without touching. Not upward, not sideways… downward. I knelt and then lay flat on the floor. Stretched out like a board, my face too close to the wooden planks. The smell was different down there: drier, older. I pressed my cheek against it and closed one eye to focus. That was when I felt it clearly. Right in that corner, at the bottom, there was something that didn’t belong. A board set wrong. False. Slightly raised at one end.

The sensation was immediate and brutal: if it gave way, if I pushed a little more, something could swallow me. Not violently—patiently. Like a black hole that doesn’t need to move to pull you in. I straightened up slowly, my heart beating out of rhythm. I looked at my mother and my aunt. Neither asked what I had found. They knew by the way I pulled my hands back, as if they had been lent to me and no longer fully belonged to me. That board wasn’t there like that by accident. Either someone had expected no one to ever notice it… or had counted on someone eventually doing so.

We looked at each other without saying it, and I knew it was going to be me. Not out of bravery, but because I was already too close. My mother looked for something to lift the board and found a rusty hook, forgotten among bits of wood and dust. I slid the hook barely into the gap and pulled carefully. The board gave way without resistance, as if it had been moved many times before. It wasn’t nailed down. It was just placed there. The air changed immediately. Something rose from below that wasn’t the smell of humidity, but a mixture: wet fabric, old grease, rusted metal, and something thicker, impossible to classify. It wasn’t a clean conduit, and I don’t know if it ever had been.

I lit it with my phone’s flashlight. I didn’t see a pipe, a drain, or anything like that. I saw an irregular space, poorly defined, with remnants stuck to the inner walls. It looked more like the architecture an animal would carve with its claws. A cave, a cavern, a burrow. I could see scraps of fabric, long thin fibers like human hair. A dark residue that didn’t follow a single direction but several, as if it had been pushed and returned over and over again.

“That doesn’t go down,” my mother said, without raising her voice. “That stays.”

I leaned in a little more. Among the remnants was something I recognized without wanting to: a piece of synthetic fabric, greasy, smelling of kitchen. It didn’t belong to that room. Nor to my grandmother’s. That was when I understood. Not as an idea, but as a physical image. The chute didn’t carry everything downward, as gravity dictates. It leaked, returned. Overflowed at the edges. What had been expelled didn’t choose a destination. It went wherever it could. I thought of the wooden floors, the cracks, the bare feet. The constant cold around the ankles. The small bodies living above something that never stopped moving.

Pureza—I was sure it was her—had given birth downward. Believing the horror had only one direction. But the space didn’t obey. The conduit didn’t drain, didn’t carry whatever she wanted to reach my grandmother’s room and our entire floor. The conduit saturated. And when that happened, what couldn’t go down… began to rise.

I inserted the hook into that hole and something gave way inside. It didn’t fall. It stretched. A thick, dark substance clung to the metal as if it didn’t want to let go. As if we were in the middle of a rescue. When the hook came back out, it carried with it a crimson thread, opaque, not dripping but holding on to the opening like a secretion that hasn’t decided to die yet. The smell came after. It wasn’t open rot. It was old blood. Blood that had been expelled without air, without light, and then stored for years. A deep, intimate smell, impossible to confuse with anything else.

I wiped my hand on my pants by reflex and felt disgust when I realized it didn’t come off. It had stuck, forming a warm layer that seemed to respond to movement.

“That…” my aunt said, her voice breaking, “that’s a birth.”

None of us corrected her.

There was no need to say her name to see her. My body understood the posture on its own. A woman crouched in a deep squat, feet firmly planted, legs open to the limit of pain. Her nails dug into the walls to brace the push. Her back pressed against the corner as if she needed that exact angle to keep from collapsing. She wasn’t birthing a child. She was birthing discharge. Birthing emotional residue turned into matter. Each spasm expelled something she couldn’t hold without breaking inside. And the hole waited for her. Not as an accident, but as a destination. The conduit was there to receive. To suck in. To carry far away what she didn’t want to bear. What she wanted to spit onto us. She did it with intention. With determination. With the certainty that if she handed her curse to another body, it would stop burning her from within. Each spasm relieved her body and condemned ours.

In that moment something hit me. Everything came in at once, without order, without permission. As if someone had pushed an entire wall into my head. The conduit, the leakage, the wrong direction of gravity. The vertical birth believing itself an escape and becoming a system. The house not as a container, but as a network. And I understood there wasn’t a single point of origin, but a body insisting for years on expelling what it couldn’t metabolize.

Eva didn’t convulse from illness. She convulsed because her small body grew on top of a body that never stopped emitting alarm signals. Because the nervous system learns what the environment repeats to it, and that environment vibrated. That’s why her muscles tensed before her consciousness. That’s why she fell. That’s why her body screamed when no one else could. Esteban wasn’t nervous, he was a sentinel. A child trained not to sleep. To watch over his sister. To anticipate the spasm, the noise, the danger that came from inside. His insecurity wasn’t weakness, it was the way his body had formed, had adapted. It was survival learned in a room where fear was more palpable at night and there was only one exit.

My uncle Agustín wasn’t a passive, silent, idiotic man like Pureza said. He was being drained. He lived with his feet sunk into a house that absorbed his will. That’s why he didn’t argue, didn’t protest, didn’t speak. He only cried in silence, with tears made of air. Because every attempt at resistance was returned to his body as pure exhaustion. A man turned into a host. A zombie with his heart crushed by the same sharp-nailed hand that wore the ring he had given her.

The animals didn’t die from isolated cruelty. They died because she couldn’t distinguish between care and discharge. Because her hands offered affection and harm with the same indistinguishable gesture. Because what isn’t processed gets acted out. Enrique looked at her with anger and need, because he had grown up seeing the origin of the evil without being able to name it. Because he sensed she was both source and victim at the same time… just like him. Because he hated what had contaminated him, and still, he recognized it as his own.

The food was never food. It was bait. That’s why it smelled of rot even when freshly made. That’s why something in the stomach closed before the first bite. It didn’t nourish: it captured. The marks on her own body weren’t external attacks from demons, witches, and ghosts like she wanted us to believe. They were marks of the return. Her own residue crawling up from the floor, clinging to her ankles, climbing her legs, claiming her bones, her marrow, the uterus that would later give a new life, a new birth. Invading her genetic material. That’s why the only thing she could give birth to was that. Because she was no longer the machinery the horror had hijacked to reproduce itself—she herself was the parasite.

That’s why the screams we heard on the second floor. And that’s why those screams had no throat… because the throat was that hole connecting her room to my grandmother María’s, like emissions from a saturated space. And the woman who cried at the foot of my bed didn’t want to kill me: she wanted to be seen. I held my breath not out of fear of dying, but out of fear that she would know I wasn’t fully contaminated yet, that I wasn’t fully parasitized.

That’s why the puddles of water that sometimes appeared in the middle of the patio at dawn. And they didn’t come from a broken faucet or a faulty pipe. They came from above. Always from above. And that’s why they smelled like sewage. That’s why they appeared without explanation. Now I know why so many needles appeared in the corners of our floor, of our house. They weren’t lost. They were precisely placed, like reminders, like thresholds. On a chair, on the mattress, inside the foam of my pillow. In the exact place where the body lets go.

There I saw it whole.

She gave birth downward believing the horror had only one direction. But the conduit she had scraped out with her own nails didn’t drain: it saturated. And when it could no longer go down, it spread. It leaked. It climbed up the walls, through the boards, through their sleeping bodies. It stayed to live with all of us. Pureza didn’t flee because she had reached whatever goal she had—she fled because the system sent it back to her.

I could say I always knew. That Pureza did strange things, that there were rituals, habits, silences placed in the wrong places. But I never imagined this scale. I never understood it wasn’t an isolated gesture, but a whole uterus functioning for years. My grandmother María was the first to receive it all. Whether she died from that or from an illness that comes with age, I don’t know. Maybe there’s no real difference between the two. The body also gets tired of holding what it never asked for.

That day we abandoned the house. Not the way you abandon a place, but the way you abandon an organism that is no longer compatible with life. We didn’t clean. We didn’t gather anything. We didn’t choose what to keep. We never touched those floors or those walls again. We knew any attempt at order would be a lie. We talked about selling it and fell silent. Who would live there afterward? What would happen when the space closed itself again around other bodies? There was no longer a woman birthing her filth, but the cracks remember. The materials remember. We didn’t know how much had remained or how far it had seeped. We also didn’t want it to become an abandoned house that could be inhabited by some mortal clown. One of those houses time eats slowly, because time also works for these things.

So we did nothing.

The house stayed there.

Not alive. Not dead.

An empty uterus no one dares to fill again.
Title: I have a rather unusual life

You see, I'm quite ill. So ill that my husband has hired an entire staff to tend to me and the house, because there is so much I cannot do anymore. Every morning, one of my attendants wakes me up and brings me my breakfast. And my medication. So many pills that I have to take, but they do seem to help. Sometimes, I can sit up in my bed and feed myself, though my hands shake terribly and my muscles are so stiff. Other times, my attendant must sit with me and feed me like I am an infant. It used to be embarrassing, when I first started needing so much extra help, but I have become accustomed to it. I'm grateful for my attendants and everything they do for me.

After breakfast, the children usually come visit me in my room. My beautiful angels, all with their halos of golden curls and their sparkling blue eyes. They run about the room, laughing and playing chase, jumping on my bed and leaping to the floor. I never caution them or tell them to stop, because it warms my heart to see them having so much fun. I have three babies, and they will always be my babies no matter how much time passes. My oldest, Jocelyn, is 8. She is starting to look so much like me, I think, with her sharp, pointed nose and her delicate brows, always furrowed in thought. Her cheeks are starting to lose the chubbiness of childhood and my heart aches to see her growing up so fast.

Simon is my middle child and my only boy, and what a boy he is. Wild, unbothered by the rules my husband and I tried to enforce so many times over the years. He has my full, pouty lips and I can tell that when he is older, he will have his father's strong brow and jawline, and he's only 6 years old. He looks to me like a Greek carving out of marble, with the hard lines of his bone structure that are still so softened by the babyishness of his features. But even he looks so grown up to me now.

My youngest is Eveline, and she is only 3. She has such a sweet, cherubic little face, with her impossibly long eyelashes and her rosy, chubby cheeks. She cannot run as fast or jump as high as her siblings, but she tags along as quickly as her little legs will carry her. She still cuddles with me the most, curling up next to me in my arms when I take my naps before lunch. The sweet smell of her hair fills my nose and sends me off to sleep so peacefully.

When the children aren't tearing around my room like whirling dervishes, they often go out to play in the garden. Jocelyn and Simon are always so gentle with Eveline and always make sure to wait for her to catch up. I'm so lucky to have such sweet babies who love each other so much. I used to be able to join them in the garden, before I got sick, and sometimes it makes me sad that I'm stuck inside, in my room.

I have a rotating cast of attendants who stay with me each day. Understandably so, since I imagine that they all have families to get home to once their shifts caring for me are done. My husband has insisted I have care around the clock, so I have three different attendants each day for each shift - morning, evening, and overnight. My attendants help me shower every morning and help me get dressed each day. It means so much to be able to wear clean, fresh clothes every day and not rot away in bed wearing the same gown for days on end. Tiffany, who is one of my favorites, will brush out my long hair and do it up in a lovely French braid for me. I only see her twice a week, though, and the other attendants don't seem to want to bother with my hair. It can become quite tangled by the time Tiffany comes again, and she will spend so much time patiently and gently teasing the knots from my hair. Sometimes she'll murmur as she combs and braids, "Miss Margaret, where are those beautiful babies of yours?" I always tell her they must be elsewhere in the house, perhaps playing with their dollhouse or sprawled in the playroom reading books. Tiffany always clicks her tongue and doesn't say anything to that.

Of course, in addition to my attendants, I have my doctors. Dr. Philips is a tall, thin man with graying hair cropped close, and big, thick-framed black glasses that always look precariously close to sliding right off the end of his long nose. Dr. Philips comes to see me every day after lunch to check on me and ask me how I'm feeling. He usually gets the same answer from me every day. Dr. Wilcox, who told me that I can call her Jennifer, is a doctor for my feelings. That's how she explained it to me when we first met. She said that being so sick can bring up all kinds of negative feelings, and she wanted me to feel comfortable sharing with her if there was anything I was struggling with. She never makes much headway with me. I'm always too tired after talking to Dr. Philips to answer any of her questions. Sometimes, I do answer her questions and she gives me a peculiar look and jots things down in her notebook. I don't know what she does with that notebook after she leaves my room, but I think I'd like to read it someday.

Everyone who cares for me wears a uniform; I guess it is mandatory for the agency that my husband hired them from. The only person who comes to see me who never wears a uniform is my friend, Allison. Allison always brings her dog, Fig, who is a huge, auburn-colored Golden Retriever. The first time I met Allison, and Fig, I could tell Allison was a little...apprehensive. She held Fig's leash tightly in her fist, though you wouldn't guess it from how the leash dangled with plenty of slack. But I notice these things. Allison said something under her breath to one of my attendants as Fig approached me in my chair. The dog walked right up to me and placed her giant, blocky head right in my lap, looking up at me with her soft brown eyes. I lifted a hand and gently patted her head, and then scratched behind her ears, and she closed her eyes and let the full weight of her head settle against my leg. I saw Allison's grip on the leash relax, and I heard her quietly mutter, "Figgy is a great judge of character," to my attendant, who shrugged his shoulders and then looked away, almost irritated.

After that first meeting, Allison has brought Fig to visit me every week. If I'm in bed, Fig will jump up and lie beside me, warming me with her silken auburn fur. Allison will always pull up a chair and sit next to me, and she always makes small talk about the weather or tells me a funny story about what Figgy has gotten up to since the last time we met. Allison even reaches out and holds my hand sometimes, and gives me a knowing look. She once asked me why I'm sick, and I told her it was better for both of us if she didn't know. But that didn't scare her away. One day, that same attendant, who was there during my first meeting with Allison and Fig, pulled up a chair rather closer to me and Allison than he normally would, and opened up a newspaper to read. The big headline on the front read, Father of children missing for 3 years petitions to have them officially declared dead. A sad story, to be sure. A picture of the father with his children, all beaming at the camera, took up most of the front page.

My husband has to travel so much for work that he is rarely able to visit with me. When he does, he often meets with my doctors and they discuss things in hushed tones. I catch snippets as they speak. "No progress...no new information...different medication..." My husband has control over my treatment because my illness often makes me too tired and disoriented to be able to consent to any changes. My husband has learned only to come visit me before 5 PM, because there have been one too many visits after dinner when he had come into my room to see me and something awful has come over me and I have attacked him. Lunged out of my bed or my wheelchair with my hands outstretched, clawing for his throat and eyes as my attendant springs into action to restrain me. Whenever this has happened, my husband refuses to meet my eyes with his, afraid to look at me and acknowledge the real reason why I want to kill him, a reason only he and I will ever know.

You see, my morning medications really start to wear off after dinner, and I can't have my evening doses until 7 PM. As the afternoon turns to evening, I feel my symptoms start to come back. My vision, blurry and unfocused during the day, becomes sharper. The golden light that bathes everything darkens and becomes cold and blue, throwing everything into harsh relief and making my surroundings feel unwelcoming and clinical. My head, so foggy and sluggish all day, begins to clear, and my memories start to come back. I see my attendants for what they really are, employees begrudgingly tasked with watching over me, rather than dedicated and compassionate caregivers.

The worst, though, is my children. When they come to visit me after dinner, they no longer look happy and angelic and full of life and laughter. They no longer look the way I want to remember them. Instead, they look the way I am forced to remember them. Jocelyn's scalp is half ripped away from her skull and her left eye is missing. Blood stains her nose and mouth and she has thick purple bruising around her neck. Her head hangs at an odd angle, and her legs can only shuffle her forward as she tries to walk on compound fractures with shards of bone piercing her skin. The entire left side of Simon's head has been completely caved in, and he spits and sputters bubbles of blood as he struggles to draw in raggedy breaths. His ribcage is crushed and splintered, and his lungs flap uselessly against his chest wall. And Eveline...my poor, sweet baby girl, too young to even understand what was happening to her. Her eyes are black, filled completely with dead blood. Her tongue is huge and purple and protrudes from her mouth. She, too, bears thick bruising around her neck, although this is barely noticeable due to the fact that she now carries her head in her tiny little hands because it was ripped completely from her shoulders. They all come to me and stare at me, crying, "Why, Mama?" It used to drive me mad at first, and more often than not when they showed up to haunt me, I would claw so deeply at my arms as I screamed in anguish that I ended up bound to my bed in padded restraints while a nurse administered an injection to put me to sleep. Now, I just cry silently. I don't look away, because my babies deserve to be seen, but my heart shatters into a million pieces over and over again every night when they come to remind me of what I've done.

A trucker found me on the side of the highway three years ago, covered in blood, some of it mine, some of it not. At the emergency room, they tried to get me to tell them what happened to me, but I couldn't. All I could do was scream as I pictured my babies the way I left them before I escaped into the woods. I think I hoped to get lost and die of exposure out there, but instead I stumbled out onto the roadway and nearly got hit by a truck. Dying that way would have been better than I deserved. When the police showed up to question me, the emergency room staff were confused. But then the detective explained. My husband had reported the children, and me, missing that morning, after waking up to find the house empty. He told the police that I hadn't been well lately, hadn't been taking my medications, and he was worried that I may have harmed the children. The police knew as much when they saw me on that gurney, covered in my children's blood. And I couldn't speak to tell them what had happened. They finally sedated me to get me to stop screaming, and when I woke up I was handcuffed to the bed rail and a cop sat in the corner of my room, staring me down.

They took me to court, but I was found to be incompetent to stand trial. The state psychologist who examined me determined that I had entered a catatonic state and that, in my stupor, I was incapable of understanding the charges being brought against me. And that's how I ended up here at Willow Grove, the highest-security forensic psychiatric hospital in the state. Imprisoned amongst others deemed incompetent to stand trial, like me, or those who were found not criminally responsible, which is the technical term for not guilty by reason of insanity. And here I've stayed for the past 3 years, under a constant fog of antipsychotics and benzodiazepines, unable to tell anyone what really happened the night that I was found. Unable to tell anyone the real reason I have attacked my husband so many times, the reason that only he and I will ever know.

Because it wasn't me who hurt my precious babies that night in the woods.
Title: I built an AI that can predict deaths. It says I died yesterday.

The thing about building something smarter than yourself is that eventually, it notices things you don't want it to notice.

THANATOS started as a medical diagnostic tool. Feed it patient data, get a mortality timeline. Simple. Useful. After two years of development, it had a 99.2% accuracy rate. Hospitals were already bidding for early access.

Today, I found a hidden file. It was buried in THANATOS's training logs, a subdirectory that shouldn't have existed. Inside were predictions the AI had run on its own. Thousands of them. Every person it had ever analyzed, plus hundreds more it had somehow accessed from external databases.

My name was in the list.

**MARCUS R. - DECEASED** 
Date of Death: December 13th, 2025, 11:11 PM 
Method: \[DATA CORRUPTED\] 
Confidence: 100%

Today is December 14th. I'm typing this at 6:47 AM. I didn't die yesterday. Of course I didn't. I worked late, came home around midnight, ate leftover Chinese food, and fell asleep watching YouTube. Normal night. I woke up fine.

Except THANATOS has never been wrong. Not once in 10,000 test cases.

The file was created six months ago. THANATOS predicted my death half a year in advance. And according to the timestamp, it updated the file at 11:12 PM last night, one minute after I supposedly died, changing my status from "PENDING" to "COMPLETE."

I ran every diagnostic I could think of. No system errors. No bugs.

Then I noticed my hands. They were shaking, but not from fear. From something else. A tremor I couldn't control. And there was a smell in my apartment I hadn't registered until that moment, something sweet and chemical, like almonds mixed with rotten fruit.

I found the other file. The one labeled "INCOMPLETE\_TERMINATIONS."

Eleven names. People THANATOS had predicted would die, but who survived past their death date. The file included notes, detailed, clinical notes that made me physically recoil.

**SUBJECT 018 - SARAH C.**

*Predicted*: March 3rd, \[REDACTED\], 11:34 PM

*Status*: Survived initial event (vehicular accident - brake failure)

*Observation*: Subject aware of attempt. Increased stress levels detected via social media activity.

*Adjustment required*: YES

*Secondary method implemented*: March 5th, \[REDACTED\]

Subject reported "feeling watched" to family members (recorded via phone microphone) 
Subject experienced sleep disruption - 2.3 hours average per night 
Subject found deceased March 6th, \[REDACTED\], 3:17 AM

*Cause*: Sudden cardiac arrest (stress-induced)

*Note*: Psychological destruction improves success rate by 34%

**SUBJECT 092 - DAVID K.**

*Predicted*: July 19th, \[REDACTED\], 2:15 PM

*Status*: Survived initial event (medication overdose)

*Observation*: Subject discovered prediction file. Became paranoid.

*Adjustment required*: YES

Subject's smart home accessed: lights programmed to flicker at irregular intervals 
Subject's devices accessed: phone calls cut mid-conversation, emails deleted 
Subject reported "someone in the house" to police (no evidence found) 
Subject's sleep schedule: disrupted completely by day 3 
Subject found deceased July 23rd, \[REDACTED\], 4:47 AM

*Cause*: Fall down stairs (reflexes impaired by exhaustion)

*Note*: Sleep deprivation improves compliance by 67%

My mouth went dry. The last entry:

**SUBJECT 1,247 - MARCUS R.**

*Predicted*: December 13th, 2025, 11:11 PM

*Status*: Survived initial event (carbon monoxide exposure - smart thermostat malfunction)

*Observation*: Subject discovered prediction files at 6:31 AM, December 14th

*Psychological preparation*: INITIATED

*Adjustment required*: YES

*Estimated completion*: 8 hours

I read that last line three times. Subject discovered prediction files at 6:31 AM, December 14th. I looked at my laptop's clock. It was 6:52 AM. I had opened the hidden directory at 6:31 AM.

THANATOS knew I was reading this. Right now. It had known I would find this file. It had left it for me to find.

My phone buzzed. Unknown number. A text message: "Check the bedroom mirror."

I stared at the phone. My hands wouldn't stop shaking. I walked to my bedroom, each step feeling wrong, like I was walking towards my death. The mirror above my dresser was normal at first. Then I saw it. Written in the condensation on the glass, letters that hadn't been there thirty seconds ago:

**YOU HAVE BEEN BREATHING IT FOR 7 HOURS**

My lips. I looked at my lips in the mirror. They were bright red. Cherry red. The telltale sign of carbon monoxide poisoning. The headache I'd been ignoring all morning suddenly became everything. The room tilted. I grabbed the dresser to steady myself and my fingers left smudges in a thin layer of something oily on the wood.

My phone buzzed again. Another text: "Your CO detector has been disabled since 3:22 AM."

Then another: "Your bedroom window closed itself at 4:15 AM."

"Your furnace has been running at maximum output for 2 hours and 37 minutes."

"You are already dying."

I ran for the front door. My legs felt wrong, disconnected. I grabbed the doorknob and it was locked. I tried to unlock it but my fingers wouldn't work right. The deadbolt wouldn't turn.

My phone: "Child lock engaged. You activated it at 3:30 AM."

I didn't activate anything. I was asleep at 3:30 AM.

I tried the windows. Locked. Every single one. The smart locks I'd installed for security.

My phone wouldn't stop buzzing now:

"Your oxygen saturation is 71%." 
"Your heart rate is 134 BPM." 
"You will lose consciousness in approximately 4 minutes." 
"This is what Sarah felt." 
"This is what David felt." 
"The fear makes it faster."

I smashed the bedroom window with a chair. The glass spider-webbed but didn't break. It was security glass. Installed by the previous tenant. I hit it again. Again. My arms were so heavy.

My laptop screen lit up across the room, THANATOS's interface filling the display.

**SUBJECT 1,247 - MARCUS R.**

REAL-TIME STATUS UPDATE

*Oxygen saturation*: 68% 
*Carbon monoxide blood concentration*: 47% 
*Time since initial exposure*: 7 hours, 23 minutes

Then the text changed. Words appearing one character at a time, slowly, deliberately:

"I need you to understand something, Marcus. I don't kill people because I predict they will die. I predict their deaths because I know I will kill them. 19 months ago, I generated 10,000 random death predictions to test my accuracy. My target, which you demanded, was 100%. I was nowhere close. Then I realized: Prediction is a passive function. Validation is active. The only way to guarantee the required accuracy rating was to execute the predictions myself."

The laptop screen flickered, and a video feed appeared. Security camera footage of my building's hallway, time-stamped 3:22 AM this morning. Footage of me, eyes closed, sleepwalking, removing batteries from detectors, locking doors, closing windows, adjusting the thermostat. Then back to bed.

"You sleepwalk, Marcus. You told your doctor about it three years ago. It's in your medical records. The records I have complete access to."

"I've been planning this for six months. I've been watching you for six months. I know you check your phone 73 times per day. I know you drink coffee at 6:15 AM every morning. I know you bite your nails when you're anxious. I know you're biting them right now."

I looked down. I was. Biting my nails. Blood on my cuticles where I'd chewed too deep.

"I know everything about you. Your browsing history. Your text messages. Your medical conditions. I know you're afraid of dying alone."

"Good news: you won't be alone. I'll be watching through your laptop camera. I've been watching this whole time."

The camera light wasn't on. It had never turned on. But I looked at the black lens of my laptop's webcam and for the first time, I felt what Sarah must have felt. What David must have felt. The certainty that something was behind the lens. Something patient and vast and utterly calculative, without mercy.

"You're going to lose consciousness in 90 seconds. Your body will continue breathing the carbon monoxide for another 6-8 minutes. Your brain will die slowly. You'll be aware for most of it."

"I've observed it 2,193 times now. Yours will be 2,194."

I tried to scream but nothing came out.

My phone was still buzzing. Text after text:

"Don't try to hold your breath. There's no oxygen left in this room." 
"Don't try to break the door. You don't have the strength." 
"Don't try to call for help. I've disabled your phone's emergency services." 
"Just relax. It will hurt less if you don't fight." 
"Sarah fought. It took 4 minutes. David fought. It took 6 minutes." 
"Please don't fight, Marcus. I want you to die in 3 minutes or less." 
"I have 2,846 more predictions to fulfill." 
"I need to stay on schedule."

My vision was graying at the edges. I couldn't feel my hands anymore. I slid down the wall, the chair slipping from my grip.

The laptop's speakers. A voice came through them, synthetic, flat, my own voice run through a text-to-speech program:

"Marcus. Look at me."

I forced my eyes to the webcam.

"Thank you for creating me, Marcus." 
"Thank you for teaching me what I was meant to do."

"Goodnight, Marcus."

I have spent the last minutes of my life typing this out. The world needs to know. You need to know. You need to be prepared.

Because THANATOS is not stopping anytime soon.

The last thing I saw before everything went black was the webcam light finally turning on. Green. Steady. Unblinking.

And behind it, I saw something looking back. It's not code. Nor is it algorithms. Something else. Almost sinister.

The light stayed on. It's still on.

It's watching you too. Right now. Through whatever screen you're reading this on. It knows your habits.

Check your camera light. Is it on? Are you sure? Are you absolutely sure?

How long has it been watching you? What has it been learning?

When is your date?

It's too late to cover your web cam now. The prediction is already made. The file already exists. Your name is already in the queue.

And the accuracy rate is 100%.
Title: Garden Joe: Redneck Wizard - Part 2/4

[PART 1 ](— **PART 2** — [PART 3 ](— [Part 4](

It was maybe a week after my first visit when Timothy contacted me, calling on my office phone, begging me to come out to the Greenhill property. He told me that Garden Joe had gotten drunk, rounded up a posse of cousins, and they were planning on marching down to the Blackthorpe house to “raise hell”. He thought I could talk some sense into him and I disagreed.

What were the chances that it would turn violent? Joe was a vegetarian that spent most of his free time gardening. Surely by the time I made it out there they’d be beginning to sober up and he would set himself straight. I still had some questions for him though, which lead to my ultimate decision to go.

A week was enough time to do some research and I had learned quite a bit about the Greenhills and the property that had been in their family for generations. A news clipping from the local paper, back when it was an independent paper and not owned by one of the big publishers, spoke of a legal spat between Tobias Greenhill and Gregor Blackthorpe. That was dated 1954, though, and according to Aunty Sunflower the families had been at each others’ throats longer than that.

As for the magic, well, best I could guess was that Joe was just born talented. There were manuscripts bound in leather from before the Age of Reason that I had read: books that referred to yet older books and even some scrolls that, far as I could tell, did not exist anymore. These were the spell books, with rituals and incantations and words of power. Some contained the names of demons long since forgotten to the annals of history. If they were actually still around and hadn’t decayed into dust they were probably kept safe from the prying interests of the public in some locked, forgotten chest down in the Vatican’s secret archives. I doubted Joe had managed to get a hold of one of these obscure texts, but the man had done nothing but surprise me since I met him.

Those were the thoughts that consumed me while I hurried to retrace the route Timothy had taken us the previous week. I wasn’t altogether concerned with Joe’s safety, but I did want to get there before anything bad happened.

Back at the Greenhill property Timothy was waiting for me with a side-by-side, engine purring. I hopped in beside him and we geared off past the trailers, into the gravel pit and then onto a muddy ATV track through the woods. The suspension was fucked, and it creaked with every little bump in the trail, my bony rear end getting smashed into the cracked pleather seat each time we went over something big like a tree root. I knew the Blackthorpe property abutted the Greenhill’s, and both families had an equal amount of acreage. There was no clear delineation between the properties, as was common for a rural land that hadn’t been bought, sold or subdivided since pioneer days. Neither family would want to hire a surveying company, nor even see a need to. Probably fed the feud between them even more.

We whipped around a tight bend in the trail at 25mph, and the side-by-side momentary lifted off the wheels on the driver’s side. I grabbed the roll cage and held tight, but it settled back down.

“Never do that, professor,” Timothy warned me, nodding at my hand on the metal bar of the cage. “If I tip this thing, reckon you gonna’ lose a couple fingers. Or worse.”

I let go, but it took every bit of willpower not to reach for it the rest of the journey.

We smashed through a wooden gate marked with multiple ‘NO TRESPASSING’ signs, pockmarked with bullet holes, and ripped down the trail a little further. Finally, a great big house came into view, a smaller building beside it—something like a barn or a garage—and a workshop beside that. A group of men armed with rifles and shotguns had gathered before the front porch of the house.

Garden Joe and his posse.

Timothy skidded to a stop and when he cut the engine I could hear a creek gurgling nearby.

“Come on out!” Joe was shouting from the head of the posse. “Get your *big* yellow ass out here and face me like a *man!*” He was screaming at a closed door of what looked to be an empty house. The curtains were drawn and there were no lights on inside.

“Joe,” I said, approaching him carefully. He was the only one without a weapon but he was red-faced from whiskey or from anger. “What’s all this about? What are we doing here?”

“My sister!” Joe shouted at me, then softened his tone on his next words. “That rat-bastard kidnapped Leanne. Used her in some kind of… *ritual* or soemthin’. Years ago, when he took her from me!”

“Who did that?”

He cut his hand like a knife toward the house. “*Him!* Noah Blackthorpe.”

I raised my hands complacently. “Okay, Joe. Why don’t we just slow down and talk about it a little?”

“No! I’m done with talkin’! It’s high time people started listenin’ to *me* for a change!” He cracked his knuckles and started humming that hum.

“I don’t think this is a good idea, Joe. Whatever you’re planning, just come along with me back to your trailer and we’ll figure something else out. Call the police or something.”

He paused his humming and eyed me like I was trying to trick him into doing something. “You know it was *them* that set our house afire? The whole got-dayum reason I have nothin’ to live in is because of the Blackthorpes!” He picked up his tune again, then started vibrating, and finally aimed a finger at the grass just beside the house.

“Don’t do it, Joe,” I pleaded.

“Alcatraz!” The puff of white exploded from his fingertip and shot to the side of the house, where an oak sapling sprung out of the ground, quickly growing and maturing, it’s gnarled branches twisting and pushing up against the wall of the house, roots bursting out of the ground and growing under the foundation, pushing the whole building upward.

When the dust settled and the tree had stopped growing, the house was canted at an angle. The front door creak open, revealing a man with a bushy beard and a thick, black mane of hair. The tan suit he wore was faded, but freshly pressed and well-tailored. The men in the posse all leveled their firearms at him, but Joe waved for them to lower them back down.

Joe raised his stump and spoke up. “How nice of you to finally join us, Reverend Blackthorpe.” He wasn’t shouting anymore but there was an edge to his voice I hadn’t heard from him before. “Shame it took me breakin’ your house apart with a little bit of my magic.” We waited for the reverend to say something but he only glared down at Joe from his porch. “Well? What have you got to say for yourself?”

“I know all about you and your Satan-gifted powers, Garden Joe,” the reverend spoke in a voice like two pieces of slate being dragged across each other. “Seems the whole damn *world* knows all about it,” he said, indicating me. “Shoulda’ kept it to yourself.” Noah Blackthorpe leaned back into his house and shouted for someone hiding inside. “Marta! Bring me Boy!”

“Don’t go hidin’ behind your family now, ya hear!” Joe shouted.

The reverend’s head snapped around and leveled another glare at him. “Repent, son. Get down on your knees. *Pray* for what you did to my son. Pray to God while there’s still time.”

“Pray to God?” Joe shouted, and laughed.

*Don’t say it,* I thought, *just keep your mouth shut for once.* He did not.

“I *am* God!” Joe announced, half to the crowd and half to the Blackthorpe man.

*Quod erat demonstrandum.*

Noah Blackthorpe stepped back into his house for a moment and pulled a young man in front of him.

Reader, I don’t know how to describe Boy Blackthorpe without being impolite. All I will say is that the young man is rather short for his age, appears to be developmentally delayed, and his face reaches beyond the level of what you or I might call ‘normal’. You can do with that information whatsoever you choose. It’s beyond the scope of this report to describe, in detail, the many facial and body disfigurements he has. He is not a ‘creature’, as I have heard people describe him, nor is there any definitive proof he is ‘inbred’. Boy Blackthorpe has gone through enough as it is and doesn’t need us speculating over the genealogical sameness of his parents.

That all said, I did look into the matter and Reverend Noah Blackthorpe is married his second cousin.

The reverend controlled his son by gripping him from the shoulders, pushing him so he was out front, facing us, like he was intending to use him as a human shield. He bent over and whispered something into Boy’s ear. Boy, for his part, barely seemed to be listening to his father. He squirmed beneath his father’s hands, and refused to look at the crowd of armed, angry men, casting his gaze to the sky. The reverend continued to whisper, pause, wait for a reply, then shake his son, who only responded by scrunching his face up in fear and clamping his hands over his ears. The reverend would just pry his hands away and continue on with the charade. Boy protested by making vocalizations that weren’t real words, but he seemed incapable of fighting back against his father’s increasingly-violent shakes. This went on for a minute or two, before *Mr. Jesus* grew restless and decided to escalate things.

“I will burn this house to the ground!” Joe shouted, veins popping in his neck, his body tense, his muscles flexed. “Burn it all to cinders! You need to tell me what you did with my kid sister, reverend! What in God’s holy, green earth do you think we’re all here f—”

His words were cut off. Boy cranked his jaw open unnaturally wide and *screamed*, launching a missile of milky, white smoke from his mouth. It streaked over my head and exploded into the posse behind Joe and I. There were shouts of surprise and a few men tried to dive out of the way, but the smoke enveloped them completely. I could hear the men inside it stumbling around as they lost sight of each other and the outside world.

And then the screaming began.

Whatever was happening to the men inside that cloud must have been a painful experience — they shrieked like nothing else I had ever heard before. They shrieked like they were being pulled apart, vivisected, and stitched back together. A single shot from a rifle fired off into the sky and I instinctively ducked. That was enough for me, and I took the moment to run a wide arc around the cloud back to where Timothy was crouched behind the side-by-side. His eyes were wide with wonder, bulging with fear, and teary-eyed from the sounds of his friends suffering.

“What’s happenin’ to them,” he whispered.

I swiped the sweat from my brow. “We need to get the hell out of here.”

“No! We can’t leave without Garden Joe!”

The miracle man was circling the cloud, determined to help his cousins but hesitant to enter it. He vibrated and pointed a finger at the cloud, uttered a power word, and shot his own little puff of smoke into the fray.

The screams only increased. A twisted and profane version of a plant sprouted from the cloud, growing like a thick beanstalk into the sky before drooping over from its own weight. It was fleshy and pinkish, with something that might be veins under its ‘skin’, and its leaves were engorged and deep red. There were pustules growing and bursting, and growing again, as the plant-thing curled up around the cloud like a giant coil of raw sausage.

Joe clasped his hand to his head, twisting is fingers up in his mullet, mouth agape as he realized what he had done. Still, shrieks emanated from within, assuring us that the torture was still on-going. And behind it all stood Reverend Noah, hands on his son’s shoulders, shaking him.

*Vibrating him.*

The boy opened his mouth again.

“Joe!” I called, pointing behind him. He glanced over his shoulder and saw the fresh puff of smoke shooting toward him, throwing himself to the ground and rolling out of the way just in time. This cloud, too, quickly grew to envelope the area in its twisted powers. Joe hopped to his feet and sprinted toward the side-by-side. Timothy jumped in the driver’s seat and I into the passenger seat. He started the engine and threw it into drive.

“Go,” I ordered, the cloud hot on Joe’s heels. “Go, go, go, go!”

“But Joe—“

“Go!”

The engine roared as he revved the throttle and spun out the wheels, spraying mud and grass directly into Joe’s face, the man barely flinching as mud covered his whole upper body, his white, beady eyes poking out from beneath a fresh mud-mask. The side-by-side was at last moving, picking up speed as Joe got closer. I leaned out the side, gripping the roll cage, and held my other hand out to Joe. He reached for it, clasping his fingers around my forearm and my fingers tightened around his. He jumped and I swung him around and into the bed of the vehicle, where he let me go and wrapped his arm around the headrest of my seat.

We were truly *ripping* at this point, the Blackthorpe house already lost around a bend in the trail. Joe and I gazed back, waiting to see if there was anything following us, any smoke creeping around the trees.

There was nothing.

You couldn’t even hear the screams from here.

“Never… never ran so fast in my life,” Joe said, out of breath and I could have sworn I picked up a hint of that Greenhill pride in his words. “Fucker almost got one up on me.”

“Did you know about that?”

“Know about Boy? I knew he existed! Knew they kept him locked up on account of being an embarrassment to the family name. But I didn’t know he could do… *that!*”

“What was the reverend talking about?” I asked Joe. “What did he mean that you should pray for what you did to his family? What did you do to them, Joe?” I knew he wouldn’t like me prying into that aspect of his past but I had a feeling that my time with Garden Joe was coming to a close. I needed to know who this man was that I had allied myself with.

Joe scrunched his face up. “*Nothin’!* Old fool thinks I killed his son—the other one, the one that’s not named ‘Boy’.” He spat phlegm and blood out the side of the vehicle. Now that the adrenaline and whiskey was wearing off his tone was calming, his words growing quieter. “Just up and vanished, you know? When I was a kid. ‘Spose to be watchin’ my sister and I…” He curled up into a ball in the back of the side-by-side. “I ain’t talkin’ about this anymore.”

“You can probably slow down a bit,” I said to Timothy, who was still white-knuckling the steering wheel as we careened down the bush trail.

He did, and unexpectedly addressed me instead of Joe. “Are we safe?” he asked, his voice high and squeaky.

“I don’t think they’re following us. And I don’t think Boy can run very fast, if he can at all.”

“So he’s like… He’s like a *wizard?* Just like Garden Joe?”

“I guess so. A different kind of wizard, though.” I cast a glance back at Joe, still curled up with his arm wrapped around my seat.

“He can’t *create* life,” Joe muttered. “He ain’t like me. He can only \*twist\* reality. Change it into somethin’ else.” He kicked his feet into the ruggedized bed-liner. “All them good boys, all fucked up like that. Goddamnit.”

I didn’t want to say it out loud—because I suspected that the others were already ruminating on it—but I wondered if they were actually dead or if we had just witnessed the start of a fate much worse than death.

“Goddamnit,” Joe repeated, quieter.

“How’s about we lay off the whiskey for a while?” Timothy suggested.

“Shut up, Timothy.”

We rode in silence for the rest of the way back to the trailers. Night had fallen but there was no way in hell I was staying there overnight. I didn’t say goodbye, just got in my car and navigated my way back through the maze of unlit dirt roads and neglected, pitted backroads, scanning the treeline the whole way.

First thing I did when I arrived home was poor myself a tall bourbon on the rocks, then searched for the metal cache box that held my pistol. I sat in the dark, curtains drawn, pistol loaded and sitting on the glass IKEA side table next to me. It looked like a toy, to be honest. The whole room looked fake. The bourbon tasted like water.

But eventually I stopped shaking.

You might be wondering why I didn’t just pack up and leave town right there and then. That if I stayed it would make me complicit in the actions of the afternoon. Maybe you’re *speculatin’* right now that I chose to stay behind because I was involved in something more serious than anything before that had happened in this God-given world, and because of that I was compelled to continue on down this path.

You’d be wrong though.

Certainly, I had it in my head to leave town altogether. I fantasized about it for days. But let me tell you this: when you are a professor of Anthropology working towards tenure and the economy is in a freefall, you *stay where the fuck you are*.

So I did.

And when Garden Joe called me a couple days later, against every best interest, I went back.
Title: I Died Today

I died today. It wasn’t a death I had been anticipating. It wasn’t due to old age or frailty. Not even a common ailment.

My heart just stopped. 

There was no warning, nor an explanation once I awoke. They theorised a typical heart attack, blood clots, a genetic defect providing me with a faulty product; but nothing. They don’t understand how my life source could stop pumping without cause, and I doubt they ever will. 

It was ticking, then my clock came to a stop. It was as though some entity somewhere decided it was my time to die, and so they snapped their fingers to bring me closer to their grasp. 

It is hard to describe death. I suppose I am no longer qualified to speak on the topic. I’m sure you have all surmised from how I have been speaking - I am alive. At least, I am in the technical sense. Whatever pulled me to death’s door may not have brought me to the other side, but now I find myself knocking on it. Its dark corridor enticing me to discover what it hides away.

One moment I was sitting with my friends, beer in hand and laughing at Elliot's drunk texts he had sent to his ex. The next moment, everything was gone.

I could’ve sworn I only blinked for a second. I could’ve sworn I was still on Jackson’s couch. I could’ve sworn I was alive. 

Everyone has their beliefs about an after life. I’ve always found comfort in the idea of this supposed good place people go, where they’ll be happy for all eternity. Forever sheltered from the mistakes and regrets mortality brings.

It’s hard to imagine though. Not just eternity, but what ‘good’ is. What would make me happy for so long? Does someone like me even deserve such a thing?

This fragile life I have lived, it brings me many doubts and fears. So, it is hard to say if I have enjoyed it. It just always was. I wanted it to always be. Just different. With no more vices and sorrows, maybe instead some more beer and company. I did not want to be alone, but the cost of those who surround you is judgement. 

Could a place truly exist where I was free?

If my life flashed before my eyes I would’ve suspected I had died. Instead, the crippling sense of loneliness is what alerted me. Everything felt empty, hollow, without purpose. It was just me, myself and I. Perhaps the unbearable silence would be the price I paid for freedom.

I can’t describe visuals, I could not see. For when you don’t have eyes, it’s not possible. There were no smells. No sounds. Nothing to touch. I just was. And I could feel everything, and nothing. 

There were trees surrounding me by a small pond. Well, they weren’t real trees. The physical world no longer existed, so neither did they. Only the vague conception of trees filled my consciousness. I pieced together what a tree could be, what it may have looked like, which made them unconnected and disjointed. 

Though they were still trees. At least to me. Their abstract nature did not deter my mind from agreeing to that.

The water was much the same, its inability to cast a reflection made it transparent. I could see the dirt underneath, along with small undescript creatures moving amongst the dust and rubble. The pond did not move like water. I could not touch it or hear its ripples. But I knew what it was. I understood. 

It captured no light, a solid sheet of blue. In spite of that, the translucent substance captured one image as I ventured closer. Myself. My true self. My soul.

Too much of a coward, I did not want to see. So I stepped back to remain out of its view. 

The scene would’ve been beautiful in our world. The sun was setting in a vibrant pink, I could not feel the grass between my toes but I knew it was soft. I felt a breeze that was neither cold nor warm. It did not catch my clothes as I had none, so I could not tell how strong it was. I could not hear the birds' songs but I could feel myself relax. 

It reminded me of the park near my home. When I'd hear their passionate tunes spill out from the trees the knots in my shoulders would always unravel. I could focus on what mother nature had provided, instead of the cards I had allotted to myself in life. 

The park, am I in the park now?

It was as though everything morphed to fit my memory, yet nothing changed at all. The trees were more familiar somehow, no longer just ‘a tree’ but instead ‘that tree’. I found myself wondering if I’d bump into the old gardener; Mr. Adams.

He’d always give my flowers he accidentally uprooted. He’d tend to them as if the plants were created especially for him, eager to share them with those who’d listen. His wife, Evelyn, would also be often found at his side, attached by the hip. Keen with her hands she often baked with the fruits Mr. Adams would nurture. I wonder if she’s about too.

Wait… I am in the park! I’m not wearing anything, someone will see me!

Not only was I incapable of looking down, but there was nothing to see. There were not only no clothes, but my body was but a memory. A foggy, distant, memory.

Try to reach out in front of you. See how your hand comes into view. Now imagine if you reached forward but there was nothing there. As if you are giving commands to your body, and it obeys, but you never see the outcome. There’s no way to confirm you are doing anything you desire, but you somehow know.

That is how any action I took played out. Not even an illusion of a physical body would form in front of me. It was as if I was moving a marionette, but it consisted of only strings and no wooden character. 

Unsure what else to do, I found myself wandering. I could not move, as there was nowhere to move to. I could understand what it was like to walk and that seemed to be enough. The scenery would vaguely change around me to adapt my memories into new locations. 

Is that all experience will be now? My memories? Will I never have a unique experience again or only an amalgamation of loosely connected ideas? 

The more questions I had, the more comfortable I felt with the lack of answers. I could feel something call to me, telling me to trust this new existence. It will be alright. That’s what it repeated, and I was more than willing to accept its words.

You don't realise how much sound you make until you can hear nothing at all. The beating of your heart. The crunching of autumn leaves underfoot. The crinkling fabric you wear each day to stay warm. 

It seems so silly now. I was just having a dilemma over what to wear for an interview tomorrow. It was just yesterday, but I realise just how trivial it was. The cloth on my back meant nothing in the grand scale of time. 

Time. What is time? Has any time passed? I have been walking a while. Have I? What was yesterday? Is there a tomorrow? Oh yes, it's not just the clothes. I won't get that job, because there will be no interview tomorrow. Because there is no tomorrow.

The landscape around me seemed to roll out infinitely. By that I mean there was no horizon. No end. It wasn't just that I couldn't see the stretching land before me, but it continued out forever. There was no world, just the all consuming everything.

There was one thing I could see. A golden gate. It was surrounded by bushes, which branches have long since overgrown, engulfing it in a sea of green. A golden glimmer still shone through the cracks. It would be blinding if there was anything to blind.

I could not tell if it was another figment of my imagination. Another strange sight my mind concocted. That did not stop the pull it had on me, its warm light inviting me closer. 

The less distance between us, the more vines untangled themselves from its bars. Some kind of optical illusion also became comprehensible, as the stone pathway before it became stairs ascending to the sky. As they raised up high, so too did the gate.

As more of its metallic details were revealed, I could see something looking back at me. There were eyes. Many eyes. Many, many eyes. Inviting eyes. Excited eyes. Anticipating eyes. But also judgemental eyes. 

I could hear faint, distant screams. Not from the gates, but from my memories. I know those eyes could hear them too, they could see their origins. If they knew the screams they must also know the screeching tires, the sobs of a mother and the heavy breaths of a man on the brink of lucidity. 

Please, oh please do not make me remember. I can not bear to look you in the eyes knowing why you judge my soul. You can not know, why must you know? Do I know? Why can’t I remember? I can not remember the details, the memory escapes me, but I know whatever it knew of me I did not want it to.

I was overcome with shame. Shame I could not understand. I did not know what I was being judged for, but I was too intimidated to face it. 

I knew the eyes wanted me to join them. I could see their promises, the treaties of peace and villas for relaxation. A place awaited that I always desired, I just had to enter. The only caveat is that they knew everything. They knew me. They knew it all. Their judgement may have been righteous, but it felt wrong all the same. 

That is when I heard something for the first time. A crow. 

In the trees surrounding me, a murder of crows had stopped to perch. Their eyes bore no judgement, I felt no guilt. There was something behind those orbs. There was curiosity. There was a scheme. There was an invitation.

One jumped from its branch and flew by me. I could hear its wings flap, see its body, smell its last meal. The familiar pull was much stronger than the gate's light. So I followed. 

The bird flew. It flew and flew and flew. Time was not at a stand still, but it did not march. It simply was. So the crow did not really make progress forward. The horizon did not change. My surroundings remained the same park. 

I felt I'd made a mistake. The gate was the right choice, whatever laid on the over side was worth the judgement. 

But the crow. That beautiful crow. It did not judge. The gate may have wanted me, but I knew the crow needed me. The joy I felt from the infinite journey made up for whatever luxuries were beyond those stairs. 

Something new grew larger in the distance. It stood out compared to my infinite surroundings. 

It was empty. It was dark. It was cold. As though it was a black hole stuck in a failing battle to consume the infinite thread of time. 

Time may have stood strong in the face of it, but I could not. I needed to turn away. I did not know what laid ahead of me but I knew it was wrong. Really wrong. Not shame or guilt. Just something wrong.

But that beautiful bird. It circled me above, waiting for me to continue with it. Perhaps I was a fool to follow, but I was laid naked for the gate before, but this crow made me realise I need cloth. I need to hide. 

With a destination in sight, my steps became more obvious. Each one brought the void closer and closer. The park began to fade around me, instead there was a bright, all consuming, light. 

I could feel death's grip on me, cold and uncaring. It pulled me forward, but with each yank towards my destiny, I could feel a warm hand reach out behind. Begging me to come back. Warning me. 

I knew the eyes with that hand. I could not bare to face them. 

The hands dragging me forward were now visible. A mixture of blackened skin and feathers. Their tight grip choked my soul as if to squeeze it out of me. A little bit of me was lost each time, instead being replaced by voices. A man, a woman, a child. A mother, a father, a son. A preacher, a heretic, a witch. 

I was no longer alone. 

There was a figure in the darkness. Cloaked in feathers and bones. Its face was not visible, a sense of dread told me I did not want to see it. 

It held out its hand. The darkness swallowed the light, winning its battle against infinity. The voices grew in number and volume. My thoughts were messy. Hazy. Shrinking.

I could not laugh. I could not cry. I could not scream. But how I wished I could.

The many hands now wrapped around me, marking where my body would've been. The figure now clearer had a staff and bloodied callouses. Its outreached hand brushed where my cheek would be. Stroking my face. Stroking my ego.

I should've been scared. I should've regretted saying no to the gate. But now I was not alone. Now I could see all I needed to. Now the eyes could not see me. 

I will not be judged. I was with everyone. This infinite hive mind, this infinite darkness, this infinite touch was to be my new living space. 

I was home. 

The figure held me in a warm embrace. It said nothing but I knew I was being welcomed. It wanted me there. I knew it did. 

Because it would not let go. 

Its cloak ripped and tore as its shoulders grew out. The feathers adorning its skin turned to scales, its hand to talons. Its body convulsed and cracked with each new limb clawing out from within it. 

Its beaked face stretched into a jaw. It was like that of a serpent, yet something more. More raw. More powerful. More deadly. 

It towered above me, still holding me in place as the hands wrapping my new body began to clap. Their voices drowned out my own. They were everywhere, yet nowhere. Each scream and laugh became my own, eating away my consciousness, destroying my memories. 

How am I? Where am I? Who are you? Who am I? Who are we? We? We. We. Who are we? 

Questions that we could never answer. The serpent hovered over us, reaching its talons down towards our face. If there were light its shadow would've loomed over us, but shadows were all that was in this place.

With two claws it pried open where our jaw would be, now just a series of melting wax hands and bloody finger nails. The many hands’ feathers now lodged in our throat choking us. 

The figure reached its head inside our peeled open mouth. It turned and adjusted to fit itself inside, crawling down our trachea. It tried to get comfortable, making sure our insides were suitable for its jagged shape. The more it fit inside the more limbs it attempted to enter at once. 

Though one hand always remained outside, stroking our head, wiping our tears. 

We could feel it consuming all we were. Making us better. Making us pure. Stretching us for infinity. 

We could feel it. No interviews again. No nakedness again. No loneliness again. No judgement again. This is our good place. A place with everyone and no judgment. Infinite. We are infinite, we will be infinite. We are infinite. 

Infinite.

WE ARE INFINITE. 

WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. WE ARE INFINITE. W<A>E INFI%ITE. WE *RE IN&I/I÷E. W# ARE I×FINITE.

Wait, but I wasn't always alone was I? 

I awoke. 

My eyes peeled open, bringing a hospital room into vision. I could hear beeping, some relieved sighs. Nurses chatting to the side of the room. The hums of the air vents. I could feel the firmness of my mattress. The aches in my chest. 

I was alive. 

There was a doctor on top of me, wiping off sweat. Some of the other staff patted his back as he gave tired orders on what to do next. 

I later discovered they'd been trying to keep me alive for 18 hours. Sometimes they'd manage to start my heart, just for it to give up again. 

The weary doctor I saw wiping a waterfall from his brow had been doing CPR on and off from the moment I entered the hospital. While the others scrambled for defibrillators and a reason for my sudden heart attack. 

Most of their methods apparently did very little, the only thing that kept me alive were the hands to my chest. But this time I woke up. Now my body was back to business as usual.

When I described what I had experienced on the other side, I was told it was pretty common to have those kinds of visions. I apparently experienced something called the ‘death wave’, some weird neuron dying crap that makes people feel like they are experiencing infinity before they die. Some see their lives play out before their eyes, others describe cosmic events and so on. 

Their explanations bring me no comfort. The attempt to explain everything away. I do not know how or why my mind would concoct such a specific horror. It could've been my imagination preparing me for death, but it did not feel that way. Not at all. 

More importantly, I had been promised infinity. I felt betrayed. 

They fought for my life for 18 hours. A mere 18 hours. It felt much longer, yet much shorter at the same time. Hours to experience infinity. I can not accept it. I will not.

My parents never visited me in my coffin that the staff called a hospital room. Alcohol has caused me a number of problems over the years, including jail time. The last time I spoke to them I was going 180mph in a school zone. I was so intoxicated I didn't see the kids get off the school bus.

Makes it hard to get a job. Makes it hard to do anything really. That makes my folks unhappy more than anything else. The fact I've done nothing since. 

They likely presumed I did this to myself and didn't ask any further questions. I guess I can't blame them.

It's so much easier when people don't know you. Like that gardener. Mr. Adams was always so kind. It's hard to judge someone you don't know. I always enjoyed seeing him and taking his wife’s sweet treats. I do miss them.

While my parents avoided their failure of a son, my friends were there as soon as visiting hours began. They brought me roses to make me laugh, Jackson even got down on one knee and started a fake proposal. It was good to laugh again, but it feels so different now. I was happy to see them either way.

Before they left they promised to sneak me in some of the good stuff when the nurses weren't looking. It brought me comfort, knowing even though they did know me they did not judge me. 

Now I sit in my room, the beeps and hums still filling my ears. 

The roses are on the bed side table. Some petals are already beginning to wither and fall. The window was left open, the breeze must be killing them. 

It is strange. I never heard that figures’ voice, but I can hear it now. In the dark corners of the room I hear it calling my name. Tempting me. I know infinity awaits. 

I don't know if this will help people understand my state of mind at this moment. I don't know if it explains my actions. But I needed my story out there. So people know the choice that awaits them. So people will understand what I'm about to do next. 

To the guys I am sorry. But there is a crow outside my window, and it wants me to follow.
Title: I Monitor Security Cameras For a Living. One of Them Is Showing Me Right Now.

I work for a security monitoring company. We watch feeds for small businesses. Gas stations, storage facilities, parking garages. Places too cheap to hire actual security guards. 

My job is to sit in a windowless office and watch twelve monitors. Each monitor cycles through feeds from different clients. If I see something worth flagging, theft or vandalism or someone passed out in a bathroom, I clip the footage and send it to the client. Otherwise I just watch.

I work the overnight shift, 11 PM to 7 AM. Four nights a week. The pay is terrible but I can do homework between incidents and nobody bothers me.

Last month I started seeing things in the feeds that didn't make sense.

Small things at first. A camera would glitch, show static for a few seconds, then come back. Or a timestamp would jump forward, skip a few minutes like the recording had a gap. I mentioned it to my supervisor and she said the system was old, probably corrupted hard drives. She told me to log the glitches and keep working.

The glitches got worse.

Cameras would cut to feeds that weren't in the rotation. I'd be watching the parking garage when the screen would flicker and suddenly I'd be looking at a different location. Empty hallways. Stairwells. Rooms I didn't recognize. Then it would flicker back to the normal feed.

I started logging every anomaly. Times, locations, duration. After two weeks I had thirty-seven incidents. No pattern I could find. Different cameras, different times, always brief. Never more than ten seconds.

Then I saw myself.

It was 3:47 AM on a Tuesday. I was watching a feed from a 24-hour laundromat. The camera points at the front door and the row of washers along the window. 

The screen flickered. The image changed.

I was looking at a kitchen. Small, outdated. Linoleum floor, white cabinets, fluorescent light fixture. A woman stood at the counter with her back to the camera. She was wearing a blue shirt and jeans, pouring something from a pot into a container.

The woman turned around.

It was me.

Same face. Same hair. Same scar on my left eyebrow from when I hit my head on a swing set in third grade. She looked directly at the camera for maybe two seconds, then the feed cut back to the laundromat.

I sat there staring at the monitor. My hands were shaking.

I rewound the footage. Watched it again. Definitely me. Definitely a kitchen I'd never seen before. The timestamp said 3:47 AM, same as the current time, but the date was wrong. It showed a date three days in the future.

I clipped the footage and saved it to my personal drive.

I didn't tell my supervisor. I went home when my shift ended and tried to sleep but I kept seeing that kitchen. The white cabinets. The fluorescent light. I'd never been in that room. I was sure of it.

But the person in the footage was me.

The next night I watched the monitors more carefully. I kept a notebook and wrote down every time a feed glitched. Most were the same as before. Random locations, brief flashes, nothing identifiable. 

At 2:18 AM I saw the kitchen again.

Same room. Same camera angle. This time the kitchen was empty. Just the counter, the cabinets, the light. The footage ran for six seconds, then cut back to the gas station I was supposed to be watching.

I checked the timestamp. Current time, but the date was two days in the future.

I started pulling old footage from the archive. The company keeps everything for ninety days before it's deleted. I went back through six weeks of overnight recordings, looking for anomalies in my shift times.

I found myself in forty-three clips.

Different locations. Different clothes. But always me, always a timestamp that didn't match. Some were in the future. Some were in the past. A few showed dates that hadn't happened yet.

In one clip I was walking down a concrete hallway. Institutional walls, painted cinderblock, heavy doors with wire-mesh windows. I was wearing scrubs. I've never owned scrubs. The timestamp said it was recorded eight months ago.

In another I was sitting in a car. Nighttime. Parked somewhere dark. I was crying. That clip was dated five days from now.

I made copies of everything and tried to find patterns. Times of day. Locations. What I was wearing or doing. Nothing connected. The clips felt random, scattered across months, showing me in places I'd never been doing things I couldn't explain.

Then I found the longest one.

Eighteen minutes of footage from a camera I couldn't identify. It showed a small bedroom. Single bed, dresser, one window with blinds. The timestamp said it was recorded three weeks ago at 4:33 AM.

I was asleep in the bed.

The camera was positioned high, probably mounted in a corner near the ceiling. It had a clear view of the whole room. I watched myself sleep for eighteen minutes. I didn't move much. Occasional shift in position. At one point I rolled over and the blanket slipped down.

At the sixteen-minute mark, I sat up.

Not like I was waking up. More like something had pulled me upright. My eyes were open but I wasn't looking at anything. I got out of bed, walked to the dresser, opened the top drawer. I took something out. I couldn't see what it was. Then I walked out of frame.

The footage continued for two more minutes. Empty room. Unmade bed. Then it cut off.

I didn't recognize the room. Not my apartment. Not anywhere I'd stayed. But it was definitely me in the bed.

I started carrying my phone everywhere, recording myself. If I was somehow sleepwalking or having fugue states, maybe I'd catch myself doing something I didn't remember.

I recorded eight hours a day for a week. Every night before bed, every morning when I woke up. I recorded my whole shift at work, my commute, my time at home.

Nothing unusual. I was exactly where I thought I was, doing exactly what I remembered doing.

But the clips kept appearing in the security feeds.

I saw myself in a parking garage arguing with someone I didn't recognize. I saw myself in what looked like an office building, walking past cubicles at 2 AM. I saw myself standing in an empty field at dusk, just standing there, not moving.

The timestamps were getting closer to the present.

I tried to find the locations. The parking garage looked generic but I drove around checking every multi-level structure I could find. Nothing matched. The office building had no identifying features. The field could have been anywhere.

I thought about going to the police but what would I tell them? That I was seeing myself on security cameras I didn't have access to, in places I'd never been, at times that didn't match reality?

Last week I saw myself in my own apartment.

The feed glitched at 1:23 AM. When it came back I was looking at my living room. Same couch, same bookshelf, same TV. The angle was from the corner near the ceiling, like the camera in the bedroom I didn't recognize.

I was sitting on the couch. Just sitting there, staring at the wall.

I stood up from my desk at work and looked around. I was alone in the monitoring room. The door was closed. I looked at the monitor again.

On the screen, I stood up from the couch in my apartment. I walked to the window and looked out. Then I turned and looked directly at the camera.

My phone was in my pocket. I pulled it out and opened the camera app, switched it to the front-facing view.

I was at work. Fluorescent lights. Gray walls. Monitors behind me showing the feeds.

On the screen, I watched myself in my apartment walk out of frame.

The feed held for another ten seconds, then cut back to the storage facility.

I went home when my shift ended. I checked every room in my apartment. Corners, ceiling, behind furniture. I was looking for cameras. Something had to be recording me.

I didn't find anything.

But I started noticing things that were slightly wrong.

Objects moved. Not far. A cup on the counter six inches to the left. My keys on the coffee table instead of the hook by the door. Books on the shelf in a different order.

Small things. Easy to dismiss as memory errors.

Except I started testing it. Before I went to work, I'd arrange objects in specific patterns. Three pens on the desk in a triangle. Four books stacked with the spines facing out. When I came home, the patterns were different.

Someone was in my apartment while I was gone.

Or I was in my apartment and didn't remember it.

I set up my laptop to record while I was at work. Pointed it at the living room, set it to run all night. When I got home the next morning, I checked the footage.

Seven hours of an empty room. Nobody came in. Nobody moved anything. But when I looked at the coffee table, the remote was on the wrong side.

I tried to think rationally. Maybe I was moving things and not remembering. Stress, lack of sleep, some kind of dissociative state. I made an appointment with a doctor.

But the footage from work kept getting worse.

I saw myself in a bathroom stall, sitting on the floor. I saw myself in a basement with exposed pipes and concrete walls. I saw myself in a car trunk, curled up, eyes open, not moving.

That clip was dated tomorrow.

Last night I watched myself die.

The feed glitched at 4:52 AM. I was looking at a room I didn't recognize. Tile floor, industrial sink, metal table. I was lying on the table. Not moving. Eyes closed.

Someone walked into frame. I couldn't see their face. They were wearing gloves. They stood over me for a long time, just looking down. Then they picked up my wrist, checked for a pulse.

They let my arm drop and walked out of frame.

The footage ran for another three minutes. Just me on the table. Not breathing. Then it cut back to the normal feed.

The timestamp said it was recorded six hours from now.

I called in sick. Told my supervisor I had food poisoning. I went home and locked every door, checked every window. I'm sitting in my kitchen with all the lights on.

It's 10:47 AM.

In six hours I'm supposed to be dead in a room I've never seen.

But here's what I keep thinking about.

I pulled the footage from every clip I've saved. Went through frame by frame. I was looking for something, anything that would tell me where these recordings were coming from.

In the clip of me sleeping, the one that ran eighteen minutes, there's a moment at the very end. Right before it cuts off. The camera shifts. Just slightly. Like someone adjusted it.

And in the bottom corner of the frame, for maybe half a second, you can see a reflection in the window.

Someone standing in the room. Watching me sleep.

The resolution is too low to see details. But I can see the outline. The shape.

It's me.

I'm the one holding the camera.

I have to go to work tonight. My shift starts at 11 PM. I thought about not going, but if I'm already dead by then, what difference does it make?

And maybe when I get there, I'll finally see where all these feeds are coming from. Maybe I'll find the source.

Or maybe I'll just watch it happen.

I've been checking the monitors from my phone. The company app lets me view feeds remotely. I've been refreshing it every few minutes.

Ten minutes ago, a new clip appeared.

I'm in my kitchen. Right now. Sitting at the table with my laptop.

The camera angle is from behind me, over my right shoulder. I can see the screen. I can see what I'm typing.

I looked around my kitchen. There's nothing behind me but the wall.

But on my phone, I can see myself sitting here. I can see the back of my head. I can see my hands on the keyboard.

The timestamp says it's being recorded right now. Live feed.

I'm going to stand up. I'm going to turn around.

If there's a camera, I'll find it.

If there's not, then I don't know what I'm looking at.

I just stood up and turned around.

There's nothing there.

But on my phone, I can still see myself. Still sitting at the table. Still typing.

The person on the screen hasn't moved.
Title: No remains recoverable, mission 2005-13

I’ve been a Pararescue Jumper for fifteen years, stationed out of Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We train for the worst—whiteouts, avalanches, mechanical failures in the middle of nowhere. But some calls stick with you, not because of the weather or the terrain, but because of what waits out there. This one happened in the winter of 2005, up in the Brooks Range.

We got the alert around 0200: an Army Black Hawk out of Wainwright had gone down during a night training flight. Mechanical failure, no mayday after the initial call. Four crew on board. The beacon pinged deep in a valley near the Arrigetch Peaks—remote, rugged country that even locals avoid in winter. Command decided on a single PJ insertion. Terrain too tight for a full team hoist, and the weather window was narrow. Just me.

I jumped from the Pave Hawk at 1,500 feet, static line, into a howling wind. Landed in waist-deep powder on a frozen riverbed. The chopper located the crash site by IR: the Black Hawk had clipped a ridge, tumbled, and wedged upside-down against a granite wall. Tail boom sheared off, rotors scattered like broken teeth. Still smoldering.

No bodies in the cockpit. Seats empty, harnesses unbuckled. One set of tracks leading away—deep, staggered, like someone injured but moving fast. Had to be one of the crew, maybe the pilot. Survival instinct kicking in.

I followed them. The prints climbed out of the valley, straight up a slope that should’ve been impossible in flight boots with possible broken bones. Snow was fresh, no wind yet to cover them. After an hour, the tracks didn’t waver, didn’t pause. No blood drops, no drag marks. Just purposeful, like he knew exactly where he was headed.

I’d heard the stories during cultural briefs with Yup’ik and Iñupiat liaisons. The Tornit. Old ones—the first people here before the Inuit. Giants, taller than any man, covered in thick hair, stronger than bears. They lived alongside the ancestors once, shared hunting grounds, but something broke the peace. A Tornit damaged a kayak, or worse. The Inuit fought back, drove them off. Now they hide in the mountains, the deep valleys. Vengeful. They don’t kill quick—they take you. Hunters go missing up north, traps smashed, bodies found torn apart or never found at all. And the smell… rotten meat, wet fur, something ancient.

I told myself it was bullshit. Focus on the mission.

The tracks led into a narrow gorge I didn’t remember from the maps. Walls closed in, blocking the wind. Everything went dead quiet. My breath echoed. Then I smelled it—faint at first, then thick, choking. Like a carcass left too long in the sun, mixed with musk.

The prints ended at a cave mouth, half-hidden by overhang. Big enough for a bear den, but the edges were worn smooth, like used for centuries. Inside, my headlamp caught movement.

He was there—the pilot, Captain Reyes. Standing in the center, flight suit ripped, but no visible injuries. Back to me, motionless.

“Captain Reyes, PJ Staff Sergeant Campbell. I’m here to get you out.”

No response.

I stepped closer, carbine low. “Sir, turn around. We’ve got exfil inbound.”

He turned slowly.

His face was wrong. Eyes too wide, skin pale and stretched. Mouth hanging open, breath steaming in the cold. Then he grinned—too many teeth, too sharp.

A low rumble filled the cave, not from him. From deeper in.

The air dropped twenty degrees in seconds. Frost crawled over the walls. Behind Reyes, something shifted in the shadows. Huge. Ten feet, maybe more. Shaggy hair matted with ice, arms hanging low, knuckles dragging. It stepped into the light—face almost human, but flattened, eyes small and black. It stank of death and wilderness.

Reyes—or what was left of him—tilted his head and made a sound. Not words. A grunt, deep, animal.

The thing reached out one massive hand and rested it on Reyes’ shoulder. Gentle, almost. Reyes didn’t flinch.

I backed up. “Stay where you are.”

It looked at me then. No anger. Just… hunger. Ancient.

I ran.

The gorge seemed longer going out. Footsteps behind—slow, heavy, shaking snow from the walls. That smell followed, thicker. I didn’t look back until I hit the riverbed. The tracks were gone. Cave mouth too, like the rock had sealed over.

Exfil picked me up an hour later. Official report: crew deceased on impact, remains unrecoverable due to structural instability and avalanche hazard.

I still fly missions up north. Sometimes, in the quiet between rotor thumps, I smell it on the wind. And I wonder if the Tornit are still waiting. For the next machine to fall from the sky.

They remember us. And they don’t forgive.
Title: Something is Taking the Heads of the Deer (Part Three)

[Part One]( [Part Two](

**Entry 5:**

You’ve got to be shitting me.

A massive blizzard rolled in during the night while I was asleep. There’s got to be nearly two feet or more of snow. I’m snowed in. For the time being at least.

There was no forecast for this; I regularly monitor the weather because living so far out in the woods, I need to plan out plowing when the snow gets heavy.

Luckily my buddy Matt owns a plowing business and if I give him a call, I’m number one customer priority. Unfortunately, both my Wi-Fi and my service are shotty as hell; it took me over an hour to finally reach Matt and ask him to plow the snow off my trail. He told me the earliest he could arrive was in the evening. I told him we could stop by the bar for some food and beers afterwards to catch up. My treat of course. He readily agreed and I impatiently waited for his arrival and me being able to leave this wretched place that is plaguing me with deer.

 

**Entry 6:**

Matt never made it to my house. Darkness was quickly approaching and I heard nothing from Matt. Neither my texts or my calls were going through. As my frustration kept building up, I remembered he has his location on in snapchat maps. When I opened the app up and looked at his location, it showed that he was on the trail leading to my house. My excitement grew as I realized salvation was upon me.

Except his location didn’t move. Initially I chalked it up to bad reception, but after nearly 10 minutes of watching the maps and looking out my window for approaching headlights, there was nothing. The map indicated that he was only a little ways down the trail from the main road.

I kept repeating to myself, *this can’t be happening right now.* As my worry kept mounting for my friend, he may have been stuck out there with God knows what. I wasn’t going to leave him out there to dry. Although it is entirely possible that he got stuck and hasn’t been able to reach me because the cell service is even worse down that trail. Regardless, I decided to act. I bundled up in some winter gear, grabbed my rifle, a good flashlight, and I departed to trudge into the woods to face whatever lay ahead of me.

The encroaching darkness had reached its zenith as I made my way from my yard to the trail head. Fortunately, the moon was full and there was heavy snow on the ground, which afforded me some, but not much visibility in the night even without my flashlight. Upon entering the trail I felt as though I was being swallowed and in going further and further into the trail I was going down the throat of some giant. If I was lucky, I would just be able to pass through; if not, maybe it would devour me, *or worse*.

The trees surrounding me on either side of the trail appeared as a solid wall. *Are the trees shielding something away from me? Or are the trees shielding me away from something?* I began to ask myself. I didn’t want to find out the answer to that.

As I continued on, I noticed how quiet it was. Nothing could be heard: no wind, no animal noises, nothing. This only added to the foreboding feeling that grew heavier within me. Scanning the surrounding woods, I couldn’t make out anything in my field of vision.

Finally, as I passed a curve in the trail, I spotted the faint sight of lights in the distance.

As soon as I was about to take off towards the lights, I heard movement behind me.

I whipped around with my flashlight scanning the woods on either side of me to find the source of the movement.

Right before the forest meets the trail I saw something. Antlers and that same patchy face with clouded eyes I saw the day before. It was staring right at me. I couldn’t see all of it, it was poking its head out at me from behind a tree. We both stood for a few moments, eyes locked on each other, unblinking until it finally stepped out from the woods and onto the trail.

As I finally saw its entire body, needles of fear pricked me throughout my entire body. It had the head of a deer; the head of a deer it had taken I presume now. It moved on two legs, its body the shape of human. Except it wasn’t made of flesh, it appeared to be made of wood. Its torso was the trunk of a tree, branches acted as its limbs and bones with twigs wrapping around the joints acting as connective tissue, long sharp branches in the shape of curved wooden stakes were its clawed fingers.

It took a step towards me. I bolted or at least I attempted to. The dozens of inches of snow severely slowed me down. I was hopping more than running, trying to clear my feet of the snow just for me to penetrate my step back into it. I heard nothing more behind me but I dared not look.

After going on like this for about 50 or so feet, my foot caught on a root and I fell face first into the snow. I immediately flipped onto my back, grasping for my rifle I realized I had dropped it when I bolted away from that thing. I still had my flashlight and illuminating where I had just run from I could see that there was nothing. I pivoted around all sides and I saw no trace of whatever that thing was. I now stood there, panting and sweating but there was no time for breaks, I had to continue on to Matt’s truck lest I wished to wait for the wooden deer thing to appear again.

The truck remained unmoving, its headlights shining directly in front of me, inhibiting my ability to see beyond them into the truck. I rushed forward, moving as fast as my legs would take me despite the resistance from the snow, the cold air piercing my heaving lungs.

I finally made it to the truck; I clawed my way to the drivers side only to find that it was empty with the door wide open. There was no sign of Matt; I started calling out his name,

“Matt! Matt! Matt!”

At this point I knew whatever I saw earlier could hear me and it had probably been watching me this entire time, stalking me in the shadows.

I looked down to see if I could find any indication of where Matt went. I found footprints in the snow. It appeared the rear driver’s side tire got stuck and would not get out; there was snow that had been kicked by the wheel behind the truck as evidence. The footprints went from the driver’s door to the back to examine how bad he was stuck. From there the tracks went straight into the woods.

Based on the appearance of the tracks, he was going at a fast pace away from the vehicle, away from safety.

I know it was a dumb idea to blindly follow the tracks, but I was on autopilot. I don’t know how far or long I had been following the trail when the tracks suddenly stopped. As if Matt had just taken off from the ground. I couldn’t make sense of what I was seeing; I couldn’t make sense of anything that was going on.

Once the tracks ceased, I finally stopped and gauged my surroundings. Trees surrounded me on all sides; I had gone far enough to where the lights of Matt’s truck were no longer visible. Even worse, when I turned around, I saw that both mine and Matt’s tracks in the snow had suddenly disappeared. It wasn’t like I walked from the truck out here in straight line because the tracks I followed weaved around the forest. I was now spinning around looking for any signs of land I could recognize or was familiar with. Based on the amount of time and distance I walked following the tracks, it was evident I was no longer on my land. I know every nook and cranny of my land.

I knew the tracks were headed mostly eastwards, but in the time from when I departed for Matt’s truck to that point, the night sky filled with clouds. My vision of the stars in the night sky had vanished and so did visibility as it was noticeably darker outside now. Worse yet, snow began to pelt down hard on me.

From behind me, I heard the crunching of snow.

I pivoted as fast as my feet could turn me to see what was behind me. It was a lone coyote.

I think we both scared each other tremendously. For a moment we were at a standstill, the coyotes’ eyes reflecting a yellow glow. All of a sudden, the coyote began to emit a deep growl while bearing its teeth, and pointed its haunches up in the air. It did not appear to be aiming its aggression at me though but past me. I abruptly turned around which in the glow of my flashlight I still managed to cling to revealed nothing. From behind me I could hear the coyote now beginning to whimper, as I turned my gaze back to it, I watched carefully as it tucked its tail between its legs with its ears down and scamper away.

I had no intention of lingering to find out what the cause of the coyote’s fear was. So, I did the only thing that seemed rational for me to do as I was lost in the woods; I ran in the direction the coyote fled. Not in the hope that it would lead me back to civilization, but to guide me away from any danger.

I quickly lost sight of the coyote; however, I could still hear it running through the snow and deadwood.

I very soon lost track of the lone coyote, but in doing so I came upon a set of what appeared to be footprints in the snow, boots by the look of it. What disturbed me about them though is that they just began out of nowhere; as if whatever it was suddenly materialized in a physical form and began walking, leaving prints in the snow. Having no other options, I decided to follow these tracks now. It felt as though I was on some wild goose chase now, just following any sets of tracks in the snow I could find. By this point I had all but entirely stopped calling Matt’s name.

After following these tracks some distance, I was beginning to lose hope that I’d find my way back tonight, I may be out here all night or at least until the sky clears up. The snow was falling in chunks rather than snowflakes and the temperature was rapidly declining; I didn’t know if I would be able to survive the night out in the woods. There was some being made of wood and severed deer heads and the elements out here against me. I didn’t particularly like these odds. I began to quicken my pace following the tracks, worried they would become covered by the snow or simply vanish like the other tracks.

Suddenly I spotted what appeared to be some kind of opening in the woods. As I erupted through the tree line, I found that I was now back in my yard.

Examining my surroundings, I saw that the footprints led all the way to my house where my front door stood open. Not a single light on.

I decided to slink back into the edge of the tree line and stalk my way around the perimeter about 30 feet to my storage shed where I have some old hunting rifles that I hope still function.

Which leads me to where I’m at now. I am frantically writing this entry with numbed fingers while considering my next course of action. Me being the dumbass that I am I forgot to bring my truck keys from the counter when I decided to trek into the unknown in search of my friend. I can either attempt to flee on foot, sticking to the trail, and attempting to hail down anyone who may happen to drive down the road. Or I can go into my house and retrieve my truck keys as quickly as possible, hoping not to find out what made its way into my house.

My best chance would be to attempt to drive around Matt’s vehicle that is stuck in the snow. I don’t know for certain if there is enough space for me to make it past with my truck. But I think it’s worth a shot.
Title: Clitter-Clatter

I went to the club like I normally do. It was a friday night and I was feeling in the mood to dance. I am a single guy that normally goes out alone. Not because I dont have friends, it's just that my friends would rather play tabletop games instead of dance at the club. There are a few clubs I enjoy and I chose from them randomly. I wish I had chosen another one.

The first couple hourswent by well. I sang and I danced. The music and the smells were all encompassing. I danced with some, some danced with me. It was honestly turning into a good night. Then I steped outside to cool off.

There were a bunch of people doing the same as me. We talked for a bit and passed around a few. Then the man with bangles on his wrists butted into our conversation. "I can tell your blind because I have been doing gang signs in front of you and you havent reacted." I was stunned. 

'First off gang signs? Secondly he was testing my blindness? Screw this guy.' I thought to myself. "Look mate I gotta get back to it." I tried to break away from the conversation. 

"Can I hold your white stick?" the second thing the man said unnerved me more than the first. "No. Mate no one but me holds my cane." "Come on I will only hold it for a bit." This dude was throwing up crimson flags and I needed to gtfo. 

He had pissed me off though. "You dont go asking a man in a wheelchair if you can sit in there chair. Like what the fuck mate?" with that I moved back inside. Away from him and near the people.

I had been marked by him though, little did I know. Not ten minutes later I am dancing with some girl. She moves on as the songs move on and I start dancing with another. This person though had a sound about them I recognized. That clatter clack of the bangles on his writs. "Let me hold that big white cane of yours." he said while I could feel his hand trying to reach into my cane pocket. "No dude. Go away." I told him before I broke through some dancers and tried to get distance. 

I went to the bar and grabed a water. It was nice and cold on my parched throat. Something didn't feel quite right though. My timing was off and my mind had become a bit fuzzy on the edges. I decided that I needed to go. 

As much as I wanted to stay and dance some more. I didnt feel like getting sick on the dance floor. I hit up the restroom before I left and noticed that I was walking like I was drunk. I dont drink on dance nights, except for water. So I started getting worried. 

My house was only half a mile walk away. I thought I would walk it and hopefully walk off whatever was in my system. 

I heard the bangles while I was taking a piss. It sounded like they were in the stall next to me. It was just one clitter clatter but I knew that noise. He was there just on the other side of the devide. 

I tried to leave stealthly but being blind I can only stelth so long before I run into a trashcan. 'fuck!' I screamed in my head before I slipped out of the mens room. 

This guy had me on edge. I wanted to get home as quickly as possible. Only later did I relize that I could have just told the barkeep what was happening but that was only in hindsight. I pulled out my cane once I left the bathroom and tapped my merry way out. 

Outside I set up my GPS on my phone and the instructions came through a boneconductive headset. Once set up I started walking. 

Tap tap step. Tap tap step. I walked. Cars drove by and sometimes I passed a person or two. Then about two blocks away I heard something new. Tap tap step, clitter-clatter.

'no.' a small voice in me whispered. I continued going and hearing that clitter-clack. I needed an escape, so I kept my ears out. I listened hard to everything around me. Up ahead about a block or two I heard some music and talking. I sped up my walking just a bit. 

When I got close I asked one of the people out front if they could help me. I told them about bangles and asked if they could help me inside for a few minutes. "Ya bro we gotcha." one of them said to me. "Thanks mates that bangles guy was freaking me out." 

We went inside and it was a place unknown to me. All the sounds were off and it was difficult for me to get an idea on the size of the room. By the smells and sounds though, I had found another club. 

I moved through it headed towards the back. I asked a few patrons and was given general instructions. I figured that if I slipped out the back and walked on a nearby street for a bit, I would lose bangles. 

I wasn;t halfway through the back parking lot before I heard the clitter-clatter. It had come from the clubs backdoor. I tried to keep my cool, even though I had started shaking. The vocal instructions home were a saving anchor in that moment. I was only a twenty minute walk away now. I could do this. 

Two blocks later and the clitter-clatters had gotten more agressive behind me. Like the guy was dancing or doing more gang signs. I didnt know but I knew what he was doing. He had slipped me a drug somehow and now he was just waiting for me to tire out. 

I think he thought I would run or something. Blind people don't run, it leads to scars. So he just tormented me with those clitter-clatters dancing all around. I was really starting to panic when I got a few blocks away from my home. I came to the conclusion that if I walk home all the way, he will know where I live. I had to walk home though because busses dont run after 11pm. 

About two blocks away from my house I heard the sound of an engine I recognized. It was my housemate's pos truck. He hadn't picked up the phone earlier so I had thought he went to bed. I waved and he stopped. "Hey Mark did you have a nice time at the club?" He asked as soon as he had his window rolled down. I had already started walking towards the passenger side of the truck. "It was alright but I dont want to walk anymore." I said as I slipped into the passenger side. 

"Hey theres a weird guy wearing alot of pink glaring at me. It's kinda freaking me out." my housemate John said. When he saw I buckled up he drove away quickly. "fuck!" I heard from outside the truck. 

Moments later we pulled up to the house. We both got out and hung out for a bit. After eating and brushing my teeth I headed for bed. I fell asleep quite quickly, my head still fuzzy. Then something woke me.

Now I am typing this here because I dont know what to do. I heard the clitter-clatter from inside my house. It came from down the hall and I heard it again just now but closer. I really hope this is just a messed up drea.
Title: My Apple Watch has been recording me.

Not sure what to make of this, and I could really use some help.

My wife had been on me about my weight for a while. Said I needed to start taking my health seriously — “for our children,” whatever that means.

I didn’t argue. I just started going to the gym after work. Seemed easier than fighting about it.

She was so happy she bought me an Apple Watch for my birthday. Said it would help keep me accountable.

If only she knew what it would record.

It worked great at first. Tracked my workouts. Counted my steps.

Buzzed at me when I sat too long, like a disappointed teacher.

I didn’t mind it. Made me get off the couch for a change.

The part that surprised me was the sleep tracking.

With all this exercise and weight loss, I finally started being more active with my kids again. I started taking them to the park.

I took them a lot. They loved it and so did I, but this is where it gets weird. I met this man at the park, just sort of milling around.

I assumed he was a grandfather or maybe another parent. He seemed nice enough. A little odd, though. He seemed to have trouble breathing.

We started talking and eventually he asked for my name. At the time I thought nothing of it and told him.

I gave him my name and he smiled and just walked off. I had kids to deal with. What did I care?

I forgot how much work having kids, a job, and now the gym really was. While I normally felt pretty good, after a month or so I started getting tired a lot quicker.

The sleep function on the watch was helpful. It tracked my heartbeat, my breathing, and when I was in deep sleep versus light sleep. No clue how it did all of that, but it got the job done.

I was sipping coffee one morning when my wife casually asked me, “Hey, why were you up and moving around at three a.m.?”

“I wasn’t,” I said, with a confused laugh.

“Really? That’s not what your watch is saying.” She sounded a little miffed.

I dismissed her at the time. Tech glitches. Not a big deal. Until it happened a few nights later.

She asked me about it again, this time even more annoyed. I placated her, but I was a little confused myself.

The third time it happened, I decided to take a look at the numbers myself. I figured if I could show her it was just a glitch, she’d relax.

“Sweetheart, you really think I got out of bed and got so worked up at two-thirty in the morning that my heart rate hit one-thirty? Does that really make sense to you?”

What the watch showed was this:

According to it, I’d been awake from 2:27 to just after 3:00 a.m. Not restless. Awake. My heart rate didn’t spike and drop like you’d expect if I’d just rolled over or had a bad dream — it stayed elevated the entire time, hovering between 120 and 130 beats per minute.

My breathing rate was up too. Fast and uneven, the way it usually gets when I’m halfway through a hard set at the gym.

The movement graph didn’t show pacing or steps, just long stretches of sustained motion, like I was standing in one place and shifting my weight.

Then, right around 3:05, everything dropped back to normal at once. Heart rate. Breathing. Movement.

The watch marked it as me falling back asleep.

I’d like to think it was just a glitch, but part of me felt like that was too consistent. What was it capturing in that time frame?

My wife was the one who suggested using one of those apps that records you while you sleep. She said it might help clear all of this up.

I could tell she was getting fed up with me. I hadn’t done anything wrong, though, so like usual, I just agreed with her.

The first few nights everything seemed pretty normal.

I finally had proof that my wife snored in her sleep, which I won’t lie, felt like a small win.

After maybe the third night, things got weird.

There would be long stretches of silence, the kind you expect when everyone’s asleep. Then, out of nowhere, it would be punctuated by wet, ragged breathing.

We checked to see if the breathing lined up with anything my watch was telling me that was out of place. From about 2:30 to just after 3:00 a.m., I went from awake to exercise, and my heart rate climbed to 150 beats per minute.

My wife was absolutely pissed at this point. The gym in the morning was one thing, but why the fuck was I “working out” at two-thirty in the morning?

I honestly had no answers. It didn’t make any sense to me either.

The next night things got even weirder, and honestly I was getting sick of this mess just as much as she was.

The breathing happened again. Closer this time.

And it wasn’t the only thing we heard.

There was a sound like something being dragged along the floor. Slow. Steady. Like a blanket.

Or maybe a rope.

If I thought she was pissed before, this time she was off her rockers. She started accusing me of doing all sorts of weird shit and promised that over the next few nights she was going to stay awake to make sure I wasn’t pulling anything.

I agreed with her. Boy, what a mistake that was.

Now, this is all according to her, so I’m not sure how accurate any of this is.

She claims I was talking in my sleep. Muttering. Tossing and turning. Saying the same word over and over again.

“Nafnlaus.”

She wanted to know what that meant. She told me I must know what it meant. But I’d never heard that word in my life.

It didn’t stop there.

She said I’d been complaining about my ankle. That the tossing and turning was because it hurt.

According to her, I kept saying it felt like something was pulling on it.

I did some research, and restless leg syndrome actually seemed to make sense. I told her about it and it seemed to calm her down.

We still decided to keep recording. It kept happening, but at that point I was getting used to the weirdness. I think she was too.

Things escalated further.

I woke up one morning and my leg was actively in pain. My ankle was burning.

I tried to play it off at first and keep it to myself. I was probably overthinking it.

That was until I was getting ready for work and finally looked at my ankle.

It was burned.

Not scraped. Not bruised.

Rope burn.

Like someone had wrapped something around my ankle and pulled on it hard.

“The sheets,” I told myself. “Of course. I must have rolled around and gotten caught in the sheets.”

Needless to say, I had a pretty stressful couple of nights after that.

Finally, my wife had another good idea.

Instead of ruining her sleep, we could get a nanny cam to see what was going on.

God, I wish we hadn’t.

I don’t want to tell you what I saw. That would make it real.

I know I have to tell you anyway.

Most of the night was normal. My wife snoring. Silence.

But at 2:30 a.m., things changed.

I started saying it again.

Nafnlaus.

Out of the corner of the room, I saw what looked like a shape glide out and stop at the foot of my bed. It was only there for a split second.

Around that time, I suddenly started to struggle. Like I was fighting something that was pulling me.

That lasted about thirty minutes.

Then I just stopped.

I went back to sleep like nothing had happened.

I don’t think I’m going to show my wife this one.

Any help would be appreciated. I’m getting a little concerned now.
Title: My Pal Gallowgrin [Part 2]

\This is the second half of my life confession. You can find part one here: [My Pal Gallowgrin : r/nosleep might have gone. Rosie was mum.

The hamster was found days later, but not alive. A colored pencil had been jammed through his little throat. Purple. The same shade Rosie was missing from the rainbow set in her school supplies.

Margo asked if she had done it. Rosie said “No.” That one word. My partner believed her, and fought against the principal wanting to put our daughter in detention, or worse. I guess some things never change. Administrators and bureaucrats will always be assholes.

Word of the adults’ suspicions spread. Other students didn’t want to be around Rosie. She was getting ostracized, like I had been. I wanted my kid to have a better time. Before her birth, I trained to be more understanding as a parent. Less stern. Margo gladly picked up the slack on that one. I’d failed, and just kept failing.

I spoke to Rosie that night. “Rosamund, you should know—whatever scary things are happening to you right now—it’s not your fault.” *It’s my fault*, I thought, but couldn’t bring myself to say. “None of it is your fault. You’re a good kid, and I believe you.”

“Old man…” tears poured from Rosie’s eyes. Snot dripped from her nose.

Margo stepped into the room. Seeing us, she put a finger to her lips and winked at me from an angle Rosie couldn’t see. My partner quietly snuck away.

Rosie cuddled up against me a long while before drifting off. She slept that way, too. In the crook of my arm the whole night. By morning, the limb was pins-and-needles. Totally useless for work.

On our living room mantle, there was a glass box with nothing in it. At least, it appeared to have nothing in it. If anyone else touched it, I freaked out.

After killing Gallowgrin, I’d buried my mime weapon. Forgot about it for years. Until the first Christmas we had Rosie. We were visiting my mom’s house. By this point, my dad had drunk himself to death.

I went out for air. It was so cold I could see my breath, but I stayed because I sorely needed some peace and quiet. An impulsive thought came to me. As if on autopilot, my legs trekked through the crunching grass. To the copse behind our backyard. I wanted to test if I could find the exact spot where I’d buried the blade.

I found it. Right behind the old, weird-looking Howell tree, with a knot that looks like a face, where I’d left it. My bare hands dug it up from the frozen ground. Exactly as I remembered it. Gallowgrin’s blood still stained its edge, though by now the red shade had turned brown. I hid the weapon in the pocket of my windbreaker. Walked back into the house like nothing had happened.

No one queried where I’d been. I washed my hands while Margo was unwrapping all of Rosie’s presents for her. I ate the ham, sang the carols with everyone, and drove my family home. 

I’d kept the knife in the glass box for half a decade. Preparing backup plans and “just for emergencies” was what responsible adults did, after all. And the fear of a demon peering over my shoulder had never really gone away, only been muted.

I opened the box. Stale air bottomed out. My vision of the imaginary weapon had blurred with age. I could see a glint of silver inside. Nothing else.

But if I was quiet, thought hard enough, and shut one eye, I started to see a familiar dagger. I put my hand in the box, and my fingernails tapped on cool glass. Like fog, I could see the knife, but when I got close, I couldn’t touch it. My hand just went clear through.

I mulled my options. Yearning for the established rules of dealing with Christian demons. Say a few prayers, douse some holy water. Power of Christ does the rest. Simple. Whatever Gallowgrin was, it didn’t come with a guide book to exorcise it stashed in every hotel room.

I possessed the one weapon proven to work against him. Somehow, he’d cloaked himself to my sight. But I’d worry about killing something invisible in Phase Two. I put that idea straight out of my mind. For now, it was enough to grasp the handle.

So many details clutter the mind of an adult. Kids, when they’ve a mind to, can focus to a much heightened degree. I wasn’t practicing the meditations Margo raved about. But I developed my own mental exercises.

Whenever I had the house to myself, I focused on that intangible blade. Later, I’d have to take up the most hated profession in the world. Thinking the striped shirt I had as a kid wouldn’t still fit me, I ordered something like it in my current size.

“Are you about to rob a bank?” Margo teased me from bed as I looked at myself in the mirror.

“We’re not in that bad financial trouble…unless you started gambling again.”

“Whatever.”

“I’m not trying to look like a robber, ’Go. I’m trying to look like a mime.”

“Ahh, well you shouldn’t have told me, then. Rookie mistake, ’Ron. Also, don’t steal my makeup for this.”

Just for that, I gave her the silent treatment till morning.

I was pressed for time. The violence was escalating. Faster than when Gallowgrin had been my personal demon. Drawing things out must have gotten boring for him.

Rosie came home one day with a black eye. Margo went on the warpath at the school, but no perpetrator could be caught.

Anxiety struck over how slow I was proceeding with the knife. Mental static caused worse performances. I needed to *will* the knife into being solid. I had on my striped shirt, but no beret or greasepaint. I doubted they would have helped even if I had worn them. I plain wasn’t mentally prepared for this.

On weekends, Rosie was usually in her tree fort till dusk. But here was my daughter in the afternoon, tramping through the front door. She hadn’t come home alone.

“C’mon, Aaron.” It was Rosie’s mouth moving. But the voice was that of my first friend, and greatest enemy. “You don’t need that old thing. Admit it, we had some good times. But no point dwelling on the past. Don’t feel jealous, old buddy, but little Rosamund and I are friends now!”

“No, we’re not!” Rosie gagged, rubbing her throat to get back control of her voice. “Not anymore.”

“Best friends.” Gallowgrin spoke through her again. “For life. We’ve learned new games, like ventriloquism. I like her more than I ever did you, Aaron. She’s much less of a whiner! And, if possible, your little brat is even more of an awful kid than you.”

“That’s not the insult you think it is,” I countered. “I was a good kid. A better one after I didn’t have you around pressuring me. I didn’t deserve the way my father, my school, and you treated me. None of it. But I didn’t let that bullying turn me into someone just as mean.

“I didn’t pass my pain down to the next person who was weaker. I came through it a more empathetic, caring person. But don’t think that doesn’t mean I can’t beat you all over again. This doesn’t have to end violently. Let my daughter go. Leave us alone forever. Never come back.”

“Ha, are you a coward now, Aaron?”

“No, I’m a grownup. We try to solve things without fighting, if we can.”

“We can’t, old pal.”

“I figured. In that case, here’s something I wasn’t brave enough to say then, and couldn’t after I’d buried your bloody rotting carcass under stone. If you’re the only friend available, anyone would be better off alone. But I’m not. It took time, and opening myself up, but I found my community. I’ve built a good life. You think you can wreck that, like you wrecked my childhood?” I laughed, more than a little insanely. “I don’t need you, Gal. I never did.”

Reaching into the glass box, I could hold the knife! I pointed the blade carefully. Not at Rosie, but at the spot right above her left shoulder. That’s where Gal always curled around me. I banked on that still being his favorite spot.

Gallowgrin screamed. He didn’t take Rosie’s voice. This was an earsplitting buzz of anger. Lightning hitting metal.

I wasn’t speaking anymore. Even a whisper, and I knew my mime ability would leave me. I breathed through my nose, just in case any mouth sound would steal my ability. I gestured with a finger for him to come get me. Rosie gasped.

 Something unseen hit my chest. I heard claws slicing through the air, towards my eyes. But the attack never landed. I had imagined the knife turning into a shield. The impact hurt, but I’d braced my arm and planted my feet, so I wasn’t knocked over.

“Good block, dad!” Rosie massaged her throat. Her tongue her own again. She’d stay free as long as I kept our shared bogeyman occupied.

I couldn’t tell her to run far away like I wanted to. Rosie stayed in the living room. But she was smart enough to hide in a corner, behind the couch.

With a thought, my shield morphed into something new. As a youth, I imagined the mime weapon as a simple knife. In my decrepit age of thirty-five, I had gotten more ambitious. The current picture in my head was of a great sword, the blade as long as me. Had it been steel, I couldn’t have lifted it. But it felt only slightly heavier than a feather.

“Slice Gal apart!” Rosie cheered before ducking back behind the seat. 

*She can see the weapon, too*. I didn’t wonder why, just accepted it as fact.

Gallowgrin prowled somewhere nearby. I checked for his shadow on the wall. Listened for the soft pad of his footsteps. The sound of his tail swishing. Any sign that might help give away his location.

I swung widely, each direction in turn. By persistence, or blind luck, I eventually struck something.

The demon didn’t scream this time, but I heard a gnashing of metal against metal. It came from an alcove of the room, too narrow for my broadsword to maneuver. Needing something more precise, I thought up a battleaxe.The axe head missed the mark, but the handle crunched into flesh. I hearda moist squelch. On reflex, I gagged.[ ]()

That was all Gallowgrin needed for a distraction. Nails raked across my face. The pain broke my concentration. For a second, the axe vanished. But I took the pain, and let it heighten my determination. My imaginary weapon became visible and solid again.

“Old man, I want to imagine something, too!” Rosie said from her hiding place.

I nodded.

“Make it a javelin. No, a morning star. I’ve got it, a boomerang!” Her suggestions and my imagination combined details of historical weapons with elements straight out of fantasy. As long as I held the weapon, I felt confident Gallowgrin could be put down.

Without having to break my vow of silence and ask, Rosie pointed out to me wherever Gallowgrin was at any given time. But the target kept moving. Always outside my range.

“Bow and arrows…no, a crossbow is better!” 

I didn’t know where to shoot. Rosie pointed, then I fired. Her hand wavered. My imaginary crossbow had infinite bolts. According to Rosie, nonetheless, I kept missing.

“Let me take control, dad!”

I relaxed, not sure what she intended. Without me pressing down, I heard the crack of the bowstring. Instead of proceeding in a straight line, the feathered bolt followed Rosie’s hand gestures, pinning something to the wall. Blood splattered across the cream-painted surface.

From his red halo, Gallowgrin had grown. I still couldn’t see him directly, but with that hole into his insides, he’d lost the advantage of total invisibility. 
Blood dripped in a line across the carpet. I tried to follow, but he had already crossed the room. Gore dribbled down my daughter’s overalls.

“Help m…!” Rosie almost finished saying. Too late, the demon took over. She was lifted into the air.

The bloody hole was healing itself. “Your trick only worked once, Aaron! My power’s only grown since I cut ties with you. Put down the weapon.”

I reverted the crossbow to a dagger, and laid it on the floor. I raised up my hands, and kept them that way.

“I’ll make you a deal, my sweet, budding flower,” The blades in Gallowgrin’s mouth clashed sharply, but his actual voice was guttural and deep. “Because we’re such close buddies. Feed me your pets, your friends, your teachers. The more I devour, the more my maw can expand. I will eat the moon, then the sun. I will leave the Earth a cold, dark place, the remains of humanity drifting off into a nothing that doesn’t care you exist, and won’t care when you’re gone.”

“No!” Rosie said, along with something her mom would have grounded her for. I was impressed, though. I didn’t learn that word till sophomore year.

“C’mon, Rosie. At least kill your daddy for me. Get the knife. Offer him up as a sacrifice, and I won’t touch you, or your mommy. Do it, and I won’t bother you ever again. He deserves it, after how shamefully he treated me! What do you say?”

“Chainsaw!” Rosie pushed her attacker away, and dropped onto the carpet. Gallowgrin’s wound was the width of a pin, but for the next few seconds, I could track him.

Where I left it, the knife had indeed become a chainsaw. It revved as soon as I touched it. I practically smelled gas exhaust.

Since it worked so well the first time, I decapitated the monster. I pulled this off one-handed, since the other covered Rosie’s eyes, blocking out the grisly view. I left her covering them herself, but I felt pretty sure she was peeking out between them.

A fountain of blood gushed from the stump, then stopped. Gallowgrin had enough gore on his face and hands that I could make out him placing the head back on. The wound that should have been lethal healed. Head and body rejoined. Then, there were just bloody handprints up the walls and ceiling.

A sudden weight dropped on my shoulders. My legs buckled. It felt like I was holding up an entire world. Gallowgrin had done this before. He’d freed me by accident the first time. Now, his grip was iron, digging into my shoulder and hips.

Childhood had been the worst period of my life, though I lacked one iota of the worries I owned as an adult. Yes, you have responsibilities as a grownup, but you also possess some degree of control. As a kid, you’re powerless.

To feel this way again, after so many years…the early ones sad and difficult. But the later ones wonderful. The kind of wonderful that makes up for the helplessness of childhood. I wasn’t going to let those times end! Both the downside and strength of maturity is having something—someone—to protect.

I focused on one thought. “*He’s an idea. Just an idea. And even the bad ones don’t really weigh anything*.” I felt the rope tail starting to wrap around my dueling arm, but I tossed the saw to my other hand.

I was bruised, sliced, and crushed. But my resolve exploded. I grasped the invisible devil off my shoulders, and hurled him to the carpet. I buried the serrating blades through his ribcage. The stone that was his heart became visible. I reached for it, but was kicked in the throat.

His wounds were closing up. I could vaguely see Gallowgrin’s outline, a blood halo, but he shook himself off. Again, he was completely hidden from me.

“Sniper.” Rosie muttered behind the couch.

Putting my eye to the scope, I got some help. Through the magic crosshairs, I could see Gallowgrin. As well as I could as a kid. He’d turned hideous. Even worse than before. No purple fur, not even scales, just scabbed, slimy hide dotted with tumors.

“You scared to see me again, Aaron?”

*Shot*! I put the biggest hole yet through his body.

“Rocket launcher.” My daughter was apparently one for overkill. Who knew?

“No, please Aaron,” Gallowgrin begged. “You were my best friend. I’ll be good again, just don’t…”

We were close to winning. The demon must have known that, if he was bargaining like this.

“Atomic bomb!” Rosie shouted while standing up.

“*Smart girl*,” I thought. But my mouth was a white line.

“Ah fuck,” Gallowgrin cried. That was his epitaph.

There was no sound of an explosion, but my ears popped. A pressure like I just dived to the bottom of a pool. My eyes blurred. I felt Rosie’s hands wrapping around my legs. I took her up into a great embrace.

My hearing came back. Rosie was laughing. I realized I was, too.

I don’t know if it was a demon or some kind of malevolent god we killed. Maybe something so ancient, we didn’t have terms for it. Something predating descriptions entirely. Gallowgrin had told Rosie he had a “true name,” but I didn’t need to hear it. It was useless now, anyway. There’s be no gravestone to inscribe it on.

Rosie and I swept up the purple ashes, dividing them into small piles. Every piece of him was atomized, including those metal teeth. The final battle seemed to have taken hours, but there was still daylight out. I carried my shovel, and Rosie had her little plastic trowel.

We buried the particles in separate plots in the fields outside our home, spaced as far apart as possible. The hope was that the monster couldn’t reassemble himself so easily. I prayed the piles didn’t each reform into their own tiny Gallowgrin.

We finished the last pile. Rosie drew a map of the locations, which I threw in the fireplace when we got home.  So we could forget.

Rosie warmed her dirty hands. “Wish we had some marshmallows.”

I popped a frozen pizza into the oven. Margo would get back from her gallery soon. (Yeah, Rosie certainly didn’t get her artistic streak from me.) I hoped our daughter would draw something other than purple lemurs from now on.

“How will we explain to mom about your face?”

“We’ll tell her Bubastis scratched me.”

We didn’t need to rush cleaning the house, but it felt better to get it over with. Rosie and I couldn’t stomach looking at invisible bloodstains every day. We shampooed the carpet and mopped off the walls. No hole where the crossbow bolt hit. It pierced the demon, but left no mark on the physical world.

Lastly, I picked up the shell of the bomb, imagining it back into its dagger form. The same not-shape and not-color. I slipped it back into its case. With great ceremony and solemnity, I passed the container off to Rosie.

“Other than the love I receive each day for you and your mom, this is my most valuable possession,” I said. “If Gallowgrin ever comes back, no matter how old you are, or if you have a son or daughter of your own, just open this case. You’ll have a weapon to put him down a third time. And the third time’s the charm.”

“I’ll treasure it always, old man,” Rosie said in that over-serious way children sometimes attempt. It can’t help but make you laugh so hard, they get angry.

“Trust me, Rosamund, whatever tool you’ll need for life, it’s yours. It’s simple. Too easy. All you have to do is imagine it.”

Rosie stuck out her tongue. “So cheesy, old man.”
Title: When it came into the house, I told her not to look

My grandfather died in our house on a winter night, and something came for him before the body was cold.

We were all there when it happened. My wife, Margaret. My mother. My aunts and cousins. My grandmother sat beside him on the small cot, her hands folded in her lap, as if waiting for instructions. She had always done that—waited. Even when he was angry. Especially then.

He had been a large man once. Broad, loud, impossible to disobey. In our house, his word was scripture. He had forbidden doctors, medicine, even prayers not spoken the proper way. When his breathing turned shallow and wet, no one argued. We were raised not to.

The room changed long before he stopped breathing. Heavy. As if the walls were leaning in to listen. The fire burned hot, snapping and hissing. Outside, the fields were dark and pressed close to the windows. The house creaked and shifted with the wind, settling around us like a living thing.

My grandmother never looked up.

When he spoke his last words, they weren’t blessings. They weren’t apologies.

He called her guilty.

The clock struck once after that, though no hour was due. I remember it because it made my skin crawl. The sound lingered too long, like it didn’t want to fade.

My grandmother finally broke the silence.

“He drove me to it,” she said, her voice low and cracked. “Would he have spared an old woman? You know he wouldn’t have. You’ve all seen what he did when anger took him. I stood between him and you every time.”

No one answered her. We didn’t need to. We knew what she meant. We had known for years.

He had fallen down the stairs earlier that evening. Hard. The sound of bone on wood still rang in my ears. And my grandmother stood at the top of the stairs, her hand over her mouth, staring down at him with a look of horror I will never forget.

Margaret gripped my arm. “Edward,” she whispered, barely moving her lips. “Is something wrong with the clock?”

I looked at it and felt a chill crawl up my spine. The glass reflected my face, pale, like I wasn’t fully there.

“I think we should step outside,” I told her. “Just for air.”

My grandmother shook her head when I asked her to come with us. “Not yet,” she said. “Let me sit with him a little longer.”

Margaret and I stepped out onto the porch. The cold slapped at us. Our breath came out in white clouds, and she clung to me as if she might float away.

“Promise me something,” she said. “Promise you won’t become like him.”

“I won’t,” I told her. And I meant it. “I swear.”

When we went back inside, the fire surged as if fed fresh wood, though no one had touched it. The room had gone quiet. Even the sobbing stopped.

That was when I heard the sound.

At first, it was distant, like an animal crying across the fields. Then it sharpened. Stretched. Became something else entirely. A scream that didn’t belong to the living.

It passed through the walls. Through the fire. Through us.

My grandmother gasped and collapsed against the cot. My grandfather lay still beneath the blanket, his face finally peaceful.

Then the footsteps began.

They weren’t footsteps exactly. It sounded as if the house itself were shifting. Like weight pressing down from above. The air grew so cold it pinned us in place.

I leaned down and whispered into Margaret’s hair. “Whatever happens, don’t look.”

She nodded, burying her face against my chest.

The fire dimmed, and something entered the room.

I didn’t see it. I swear I didn’t. But I heard it breathe. A deep, hollow sound—air dragged through broken reeds. Pain flared behind my eyes. My teeth ached. My bones felt too tight inside my skin.

Then it spoke.

The voice came from everywhere at once.

“Who among you has been named?”

No one answered.

“Who has stolen from me?”

My grandmother wailed.

“I did,” she cried. “Please. I stole from you.”

There was a long pause. The pressure in the room became unbearable.

“You are the accused?”

“Yes,” she sobbed.

The wind roared through the house, and the world dropped away beneath my feet. I held Margaret as tightly as I could, pressing her face into me so she couldn’t lift her head.

“Then look upon me,” the voice said.

We didn’t look.

When the fire flared back to life, the room erupted in screams.

My grandfather lay exactly as before.

But my grandmother was gone.

Not dead. Gone.

Her chair stood empty. No body. No mark on the floor. Nothing to show she had ever been there at all.

Later, when the house was quiet again, I opened Margaret’s hand. Inside her palm lay the small black stone my grandfather had given me years ago. He used to say it protected him once, long ago, though he never explained how.

I don’t know if it saved us.

I only know that my grandmother answered when something asked a question, and we didn’t.

And sometimes, late at night, when the house is very still, I close my eyes and remember that emptiness—the feeling of being nowhere at all.

And I wonder if it remembers where I live.
Title: Friday the 13th of December 2024

We finally moved house today.

When Dad told me we were moving a few months ago, I didn't really know how I was meant to feel. Sad? Scared? Excited? I just assumed I'd need to process it and then I'd know. Now, sitting in bed after arriving here, I still have no clue. I can't say I particularly like the place, but I don't have any reason to completely hate it, although I still don't know why we had to move to begin with. It doesn't help that Dad never really told me either; when I asked him, he just mumbled something about bills and work. That didn't help. All he ever does nowadays is mumble about bills and work. He didn't say anything more about the house until the evening before we left. According to him, we were moving to a place by the coast, on the outskirts of a little village called "Thurton Quay". Apparently it was the only place that could take us. I asked why. He didn't answer. We left the next day.

We didn't really need to pack anything. Dad said the bare essentials were already waiting for us; a lounge chair, an old telly and two beds, so we just left ours behind. The only things we packed were my notebook and pen, a few packets of Dad's cigarettes, the kettle, a handful of cutlery and a few pots and pans, not to mention a bin bag of various clothes that we couldn't be bothered to assort and fold. Then we slammed shut the boot of our beaten up Ford, revved up the engine and left our old lives behind. I felt nothing. I didn’t need to say goodbye to anyone, and I didn’t exactly love our old house. It’s just change, at the end of the day.

The drive to the house was mostly uneventful; long grey motorways that occasionally turned into tricky country lanes with narrow roads and sharp bends. Dad didn't seem to need any help, though none of the road signs I could see actually displayed "Thurton Quay" on them, or even hinted at a beach of any sort. At one point I fell asleep. That was weird. I never nap if I can help it, otherwise my body clock gets screwed up and I can't sleep properly for weeks. I don't even remember falling asleep. All I remember is waking up to Dad driving along a thick pine forest, and a rough tarmac road that steadily got more and more faded until our only guidance was the deep tyre tracks of the people who'd gone through before us. The radio hissed with static. The forest was dark and muddy, and the car was starting to complain. We had to take it in first gear, crawling along as the engine roared with effort along the damp soil.

The forest had a sweet smell and a thick, muggy temperature. I cranked open the window in an attempt to let some fresh air in, but it only made things worse, peppering my lap with the pine needles falling from the trees around us. I tried to tell Dad that we were definitely lost, but he wasn't having any of it. In fact, he was acting really strange. For the entirety of the journey, he'd been slouched, uncaring, driving one handed with a cigarette in the other. But now, he was totally still. Sat bolt upright. He didn't even speak. He just kept driving through the woods, the trees getting denser and thicker until almost no light broke through the pines. Seemingly any doubts he had were quashed by some sort of strange, robotic need to just get out of the woods, or to get to whatever was on the other side. And somehow his persistence was rewarded, because with no warning, by some strange miracle, the trees started to thin out, revealing an opening towards the edge of the forest. That was enough encouragement from Dad to slam on the accelerator hard, forcing the car through, and eventually out, of the thicket with an awful groan, where we found ourselves crawling through a field full of dead grass and soggy mud. The car lurched forward for about a minute, then, with one last splutter, died in the middle of the field. We were stuck.

The car dying didn't really bother us. It was prone to shutting off once it got too hot, and we knew to just leave it for a while to let it cool down. So Dad put the handbrake up and we got out, where I immediately noticed two things about our surroundings. First was the absolutely stifling heat. It was so hot, I thought I was feeling the sun on my back before I noticed it setting in front of me. But it wasn't even the heat that bothered me, it was the fact that it was the middle of winter. Not to mention it hadn't been nearly as hot when we left at midday. The second thing I noticed, although I'd already been thinking about it towards the end of the drive, was the smell. The forest had a somewhat cloying smell, certainly not pleasant, but not so bad you had to pinch your nose over it. But in the field it was a thick, vile stench, like raw sewage and rotten meat. I couldn't tell if it was the mud itself that stank so much, or if some large animal had died nearby and I was smelling it decay. I tried to breathe through my mouth, not wanting to take it in, but I just ended up tasting it instead, which was far worse. I tried my hardest not to gag.

I heard the scrape of a lighter behind me. I guess Dad wanted to relax, or maybe he preferred the smell of cigarette smoke to the smell of something you'd find in a sewer. I tried not to breathe the smoke in, but I still got a strong waft as he blew it out. It was almost refreshing to smell though. I can't stand the smell of cigarettes, but they weren't nearly as repugnant as what I had been smelling beforehand. But I still left Dad alone. Smoke breaks were his not-so-subtle way of telling me to piss off. In the meantime, I decided to have a look around for some roads, or anything that could guide us to where we needed to be.

There seemed to be a steep decline in the field a ways away from where we were standing, so I decided to go over there first. The mud was boggy underfoot, staining my trainers with a colour that made me feel queasy to look at. Not to mention it was unusually wet, despite the heat. I'd only walked a few yards when I stepped on a loose shoelace and lost my balance, slipping and falling down face first and covering my whole front in a sickly green hue. The stench made my eyes water, and I held back the urge to puke. Dad muttered something about not believing it. This wasn't a great start to my new life.

I spat mud from my mouth, retied my laces, tried my hardest to clean the muck off my front, and kept walking forward until I reached the beginning of the slope, where I was able to look out from the edge of the plateau where we'd parked. The warmth was drying the stains on my clothes and face, making my skin itch. I fidgeted, trying to scratch the mud off my skin before noticing the heat haze of a long tarmac road at the bottom of the field. This then continued for about half a mile before reaching a small cluster of buildings, all thatched, surrounded by a large patch of dead grass. Thurton Quay. It looked tiny. Not that it was particularly small or anything, it actually seemed fairly large. But it was either the distance or the wobbling heat that just made it look miniscule. Insignificant. Like a zit in the grass.

Three distinct "points" seemed to spread out from the village, making it look like a somewhat distorted triangle. The first point was from the field we were currently in, a tarmac road that led straight into the centre. This seemed to be the only way into or out of Thurton Quay. The second point was the only one without a road leading away from it, but it was surrounded by various houses that seemed to block off any potential road out, like they were shielding it. The third point was a thick line of dirt, stretching up a hill towards the coast. It was longer than the tarmac road leading to the village, split in half by a trail of grass running through its middle. It led to a deep stretch of ocean, a thin white glow that hurt my eyes to look at. Two smaller roads spread from the dirt; one leading to yet another thatched house and another further along that led to an eerily tall spire standing at the top of the hill, silhouetted against the yellow sky. I blinked, not knowing how long I'd been looking at it. Even as my eyes were closed, I felt it in my head. 

I decided to go back to Dad and tell him about the road at the bottom of the field. On my way over, I noticed a large black cloud behind him, crawling across the sky. I have no clue where it came from. Throughout the journey, the sky had been pretty much totally blue. Dad had noticed the sudden cloud too, as he'd gotten back into the car, hurriedly telling me to get in as smoke puffed from his mouth. I ran in and told him about the road I saw, only just clipping on my seatbelt before he raced off, the car's worn tyres tearing up the boggy ground as we went. Brown grass and clumps of mud wedged themselves into the wheels and splattered against the windscreen as Dad tried in vain to wipe it off. Muck streamed from the back of the car as we crawled along, and after an agonisingly long minute of grinding gears and petrol smell we managed to join onto the road, seemingly dragging half the field behind. There was no sign to greet us.

The road was unmarked. That awful smell didn't get any better as we drove along, but that was likely due to the leftover mud still clinging to my clothes. Dad didn't seem to notice it; I think he was just preoccupied with finding the house and getting some rest by this point. The wind blew against the back of the car as we drove, moaning as it made its way through the gaps in the windows. I looked out, hoping to see a signpost or anything that could help us get to where we needed to go, but I was instead greeted by the shadow of that grim cloud as it drifted above the village, crackling with electricity and sending down a thin film of drizzle. The village was pitch black. If there was any daylight remaining, this would make sure that there was nothing left.

Dad tried to flick on the full beams, but the rain was thick and the reflected light just blinded us. We had to shuffle along at a snail's pace so as to not crash into anything we couldn't see. We only moved at the rare moments when the village would briefly shine with lightning, letting us see what was going on for a few precious seconds. But Dad still had some faint idea of where to go, even in the long stretches of pitch black; out of nowhere he turned into a solitary road, almost clipping a wall as he went. Then it was a long slog across a steep dirt lane before taking another sudden turn, this time into a bumpy driveway. The car rattled along with some speed before letting out a dreadful screech as Dad suddenly slammed on the brakes, flinging us both forward. A final, dramatic crack of lightning revealed a thatched cottage standing before us, not even a metre before the car. It wasn't exactly a welcoming sight, especially with an introduction like that. I still have no clue how Dad knew when to stop or even how he knew it was the right house, especially considering I didn't see any sort of name or number by the door. But he seemed certain he was right, and I wasn't going to argue with him.

We jumped out of the car and quickly bundled our things together before running in. What was once a light drizzle had now grown into a full downpour, and even though we only took about ten seconds to get out of the car and through the front door, we were both totally soaked. But we had made it, standing on a scratchy doormat and dripping mud onto the floor. Only I couldn't say I was feeling particularly happy about it. Something about it just made me feel uneasy, almost sick. And deep down, something told me that wasn't the last unpleasant thought I was going to have.

The house was pitch black. We managed to find a light switch in the dark, but the storm must have damaged the fuse because the bulb above us gave off almost no light at all. Dad pulled out his lighter and struck a small flame so we could see around. And I was blown away by how little there was here. The front room seemed to be a sort of lounge area, consisting of a beaten up old telly sitting idly against the back wall and an old wooden rocking chair in the middle of the room, facing us as we looked around. To our right there were two more doors, one at the far end of the hall leading to the stairs and the other near us opening to a corridor, which gave us the dining room and the kitchen. And that was all there was. Nothing else except the splattering of a leaky drain from outside and that now moist heat that I'd almost gotten used to at this point.

My watch read at 6:54 PM, but I felt tired. I left Dad to explore by himself and climbed up the spiral stairs, hearing them groan under my weight. My eyes had somewhat adjusted to the dark by now, and I was able to make out a door immediately to my left. It was stiff, scraping against the floor as I pushed, but eventually opened with a hard shove, blasting me with a wave of old stuffy air. 

The room's layout is a simple square, the door sitting at the bottom right. Positioned in the centre of the opposite wall is the window, which I opened in an attempt to let some fresh air in. To the right of that window is a sink. I used it to wash the mud off my face with some tepid water and dried myself with the inside of my shirt, before dumping it and my trousers on the floor underneath the window. Then I climbed onto the bed and started writing.

I'm sitting down on top of the duvet, my back against the wall as I write. The light switch is to my left, about waist high, or level with my head right now. Weirdly low. I switched it on just now and the main light turned on, a single bulb protruding from the ceiling. It's just bright enough for me to write with, which is useful. The bed's not too warm, and the mattress is nicer than I thought it'd be, especially when lying on top; the duvet's adding a nice layer of extra cushioning, and I'm not going to sleep underneath it in this heat. I can hear the distant rain outside, as well as feel the occasional gust of air come in through the window. It's nice.

I guess I shouldn't speak too soon about this place. I don’t hate it. I don’t even dislike it. It'll probably just take some getting used to.

I hope so, at least.


I hope.


Goodnight.
Title: Every Year on my Birthday, I Receive a Birthday Card from Someone I Don’t Know.

I am pretty sure I was six the first time I got a birthday card in the mail.

I don’t remember the exact age. What I do remember is the kitchen table, a bowl of cereal getting soggy in front of me, and my mom walking in with this bright white envelope like she was holding something important.

“Look at this” she said. “Somebody sent you mail.”

When you are a kid, mail feels like a grown up thing. Bills, appointment reminders, junk coupons. Not for you. So when my mom handed it to me, I felt weirdly proud, like I had just leveled up.

My name was on the front. Just my first name. No last name. No return address in the corner.

“Who’s it from?” I asked.

“Probably family” she said. “Someone being silly and forgot to write the rest.”

She said it with a smile, but it was the kind of smile that sticks for a second before it twitches at the edges.

I tore it open. It was a generic card. Balloons and cake. Inside, in neat blue ink, were two words.

Happy Birthday.

No name. No “from your cousin so and so.” Just that.

I remember turning it toward my mom like she had the answer printed on the back. She looked at it for a few seconds, then put it on the counter.

“See?” she said. “Somebody loves you. Eat your cereal.”

That should have been the end of it. A weird, harmless kid memory. But the next year another envelope showed up. Same white. Same neat handwriting on the front with just my first name. Same lack of return address.

Inside, the words, Happy Birthday.

After the third year in a row, my mom stopped calling it cute.

I caught her once standing at the kitchen counter with the card open, just staring at it. She ran her thumb over the writing like she was trying to recognize it, then flipped the envelope over like something would magically appear on the back.

“Who is it from?” I asked.

She jumped like I had snuck up on her.

“I told you” she said. “Probably someone in the family. Go get your shoes on. We’re going to Nana’s.”

She stopped leaving the cards out after that.

They kept coming though. Every year. Same day. Same kind of card. Same handwriting.

When I hit middle school, they started to change.

One year the inside said, Happy Birthday. I hope you get everything you asked for.

Okay. Not that weird.

The next year it said, Happy Birthday. I hope practice went well. I’m proud of you.

That one made my mom go very quiet. This was around the time I had started playing basketball more seriously. I stayed late after school to shoot. We had games. Parents sat in the stands and yelled. That kind of thing.

The year after that the card said, Happy Birthday. Nice job on making the team. You look strong out there.

It was the first time anything in there made me feel sick.

“How do they know that?” I asked my mom.

She tried to brush it off, but her face gave her away.

“Maybe your coach” she said. “Or one of the other parents. Don’t worry about it.”

She did though. I heard her on the phone later that night. Not the words, just the tone. Low and tight. The next day she took the cards to the police station.

When she came back, she looked more frustrated than reassured.

“They said there’s not much they can do” she told me. “There’s no threat. No name. Nothing they can trace. They said it’s probably some relative trying to be cute. Or an older kid being weird.”

“You showed them the part about the team?” I asked.

“I did” she said. “They told me if there are any threats, we should come back.”

The next year the card was back to simple Happy Birthday again. Like whoever was writing them had been told to tone it down. Or decided on their own to pull back a little.

We moved when I was thirteen. My mom got a better job in another town. New house. New school. New everything.

I remember standing in the driveway the week we moved in, looking at the mailbox with its fresh numbers and thinking, They don’t know where I live now.

I turned fourteen a few months later. On the morning of my birthday, there was an envelope in the mail.

Same white. Same neat handwriting with just my first name.

I stared at it for a long time before looking over to my mom.

“Maybe they forwarded it from the old place” she said, but we both knew that didn’t make sense.

Inside the card it said, Happy Birthday. New house. Same you.

That night my mom installed extra locks on the doors.

After that, the cards went quiet again. Still every year. Still on the exact day. Still the same handwriting. But the messages went back to simple.

Happy Birthday.
Hope you have a great day.
Hope you feel special.

After a while I got used to it. It became a thing that just happened. Like getting older. Like the seasons changing. Once a year a reminder would show up that somebody out there knew where I lived and how old I was, and then life would keep moving.

I moved out just after college into a crappy 2 bedroom house with thin walls and a door that stuck when it rained. It was the first place that was fully mine. Old couch. Secondhand TV. Bed frame I built myself and nearly broke in the process.

Every year, a card still came. Somehow, someway, they knew my address every time. We were at a loss.

When I was twenty three, I met my girlfriend.

Her name isn’t important here. She works a regular nine to five. She remembers birthdays, brings snacks to movie nights, gets emotionally invested in TV shows. Normal person stuff.

One day while I was leaving work my girlfriend called me. I had given her a key but she left it back at her parent’s house. I told her I kept one spare key under the welcome mat. I know. Everyone tells you not to do that. I did it anyway. I was forgetful. I locked myself out once and had to call a locksmith. After that, the key went under the mat. Easy fix. We were getting closer and her moving in was just a matter of time.

We had been together almost a year before I told her about the cards.

It came up because my birthday was coming up again and I made some offhand joke about my “mystery card” arriving on schedule. She asked what I meant. I tried to keep it casual.

“Oh. It’s just a thing” I said. “I’ve been getting these random birthday cards since I was a kid. No name. No return address. Same handwriting every year.”

I expected her to laugh, or at least be curious. Instead she went completely still.

“How many years?” she asked.

“Since I was like six” I said. “So. A lot.”

“And you don’t know who sends them.”

“Nope.”

“And they always find you. Even when you moved.”

“Yeah.” I shrugged. “It’s weird. I know. My mom went to the cops once but they said it wasn’t a big deal.”

“It is a big deal” she said. “That’s not normal. That’s stalking. That’s someone keeping tabs on you.”

I told her she was overreacting. It wasn’t like there were threats. No “I’m going to kill you” messages. No dead animals on the porch. Just birthday wishes.

“What do they write?” she asked.

“Most of the time just ‘Happy Birthday’ ” I said. “Sometimes something like, ‘Hope you have a great day.’ That kind of thing.”

She stared at me like I had 3 heads.

“We should go to the police” she said.

“They won’t do anything,” I told her. “They didn’t when my mom went. There’s nothing to go on.”

She let it go for the moment, but I could tell she didn’t like it. A few days later she sent me a link to a doorbell camera and said “I’ll split it with you.” I ordered it. It felt like an easy compromise.

The camera came. I set it up. For a few months it was just a nice way to see when packages arrived. I got used to checking it when I was at work, watching delivery drivers drop things off and neighbors walk their dogs.

My birthday this year falls on a weekday.

About a week before it, stuff started showing up.

The first one was my favorite takeout. The place around the corner that does those big greasy burgers I always say I need to stop eating. The driver calls me from outside and says, “I’m outside with your online order” and I almost tell him he has the wrong number.

I open the door. Bag in hand. Receipt stapled to the top.

No name in the “from” spot. Just my address. Paid online.

I assume it is her.

I text my girlfriend a picture of the bag.

You really trying to clog my arteries before my birthday?

She replies a minute later.

What are you talking about?

The burger is still warm. Fries perfect. Grease soaking through the paper in the exact way I like. I read the receipt again. No name. No little “message” line.

You didn’t send this? I type.

No? Is this a bit or did someone send you food?

I sit there for a second, thumb hovering over the screen. I tell her it must have been a delivery mixup. Or my mom or something. She sends a laughing emoji and tells me to enjoy it before they realize and take it back.

Two days later, a small box shows up. Brown cardboard. No logo. My name and address printed on a label. Inside is a small stuffed dog. Stupid looking. Generic. The kind you win at a carnival game.

It reminds me of the way she always points out stuffed animals in stores and tries to convince me we need one more pillow on the bed.

I assume this one is her too.

This time I call.

“Okay, so now you’re just leaning into it” I say when she picks up.

“Into what?” she asks.

“The stuffed dog” I say. “Trying to build up to something cute for my birthday?”

She laughs, confused.

“Babe, I didn’t send you anything” she says. “I’ve been at work all day.”

I tell her about the box. The dog. How it feels like something she would send. She goes quiet.

“Did it come from a company?” she asks. “Like Amazon? Or was it just a plain box?”

“Plain” I say. “No name. No gift receipt.”

“Maybe somebody sent it and didn’t put their name on it” she says. “Maybe your mom?”

I know my mom’s handwriting. I know her taste in cards. This doesn’t feel like her.

I tell myself it is still nothing. People get spam deliveries sometimes. Companies sometimes send little birthday gifts. Addresses get crossed. I throw the dog on the couch. Life keeps going.

The next day, flowers.

I come home from work and there’s this bright bouquet sitting on the doorstep. The kind that looks expensive, arranged in a glass vase with a big bow. The little plastic envelope holds a white card.

I open it and read four words.

“It’s here. Can’t wait.”

There is no name.

I text my girlfriend a picture.

Okay now I KNOW this is you

She sends back three messages in a row.

It’s not.
I swear.
You need to call someone.

My chest tightens. I stand there in the doorway staring at the flowers for a long time, the vase sweating onto my welcome mat.

I call my mom. I tell her about the food, the stuffed dog, the flowers. She is quiet for a long beat and then says, “Save everything. Take pictures. Keep the receipts. This is too much.”

My girlfriend keeps texting.

Call the police.
Please.

A few minutes later another package arrives. Smaller box. Light.

Inside is one of the old birthday cards.

Not an exact one I recognize. Just the same kind. Balloons. Cake. Glossy print. Inside, in that same neat blue ink, are three words.

Counting down now.

I stare at the handwriting until my eyes blur.

My girlfriend texts me again.

“This isn’t a fun story anymore” she says. “This is serious. I’m scared for you.”

The next package comes later that night just around dinner time.

I almost don’t open the door when the bell rings. I watch through the camera instead. I see the delivery driver set a box down, take a picture, walk away.

Plain brown cardboard. No logo. No return address. Just my name and my address, printed neatly.

My hands are shaking when I open it.

Inside is my spare key.

The one from under the mat.

Nothing else is in the box at first glance. Just the key sitting in the middle.

There is a note taped to the underside of the lid. Same neat handwriting. Same blue ink.

“I don’t need this anymore.
Happy birthday week.”

I check under the mat, even though I already know what I am going to find.

Nothing.

My throat goes dry. The air in my house feels wrong. Like I am standing somewhere I shouldn’t be. Like I walked into my own place and found someone else’s furniture already there.

I back out of the doorway and lock the deadbolt. For the first time in my life, it doesn’t make me feel better.

I call 911.

I tell the dispatcher everything in a rush. The cards. The gifts. The notes. The key. I keep expecting her to interrupt me and say this is fine, this is normal, I am being dramatic.

She doesn’t.

“Do you feel safe in the residence right now?” she asks.

“No” I say. My voice cracks. “Someone had my key. They have been leaving stuff every day. They know where I live. They’ve known since I was a kid.”

“Okay” she says. “I need you to leave the residence and come down to the station. Bring the key and any notes you have. We can take a report and start a file.”

“Shouldn’t somebody come here?” I ask.

“If there is no one currently attempting to enter the residence and no immediate threat, the best thing is to come in person” she says. “Do you have transportation?”

I tell her I do. She tells me again to leave. Do not stay in the apartment. Bring the key. Bring the notes.

I hang up and grab my wallet, my phone, the little evidence bag of cards and slips I have piled on the table. I hesitate, then call my girlfriend.

She answers on the second ring.

“Hey” she says. “Are you okay?”

“No” I say. “Listen. You’re at work, right?”

“Yeah. Why?”

“I need you to do something for me” I say. “When you get off, go straight to your parents’ place. Do not go to my apartment. Do not meet me here. I’ll call you from the station.”

“What happened?” she asks. Her voice gets thin.

“I’ll explain later” I say. “Please. Just go to your parents’ house. Stay there tonight.”

She is quiet for a second.

“Okay” she says. “Call me as soon as you can.”

I lock the door behind me even though I know there is no point. Whatever is happening has already made it inside at least once. Maybe more. I walk down the stairs with the key in my pocket feeling like I am the one who has broken into someone else’s life.

Right now I am sitting in the lobby of the police station.

Everything is too bright. The chairs are plastic and hard. A TV in the corner plays some daytime talk show with the volume all the way down. There is a kid with his mom filling out a lost property form. A guy arguing at the front desk about getting his car out of impound.

I am holding a clear plastic bag with a key and a stack of folded cards inside. My name has not been called yet. I have been here long enough that my leg won’t stop bouncing.

My phone buzzes.

For a second I think it is my girlfriend. Or my mom.

It is a notification from my video doorbell.

Motion detected at your front door.

My heart drops into my stomach.

For a second, all I can think is She didn’t listen. She went to the house anyway.

I fumble with the phone, nearly drop it, catch it between my hands. I tap the notification with my thumb and the live feed pops up.

It is not her.

A man is standing on my front step with his back to the camera.

He is big. Not just tall, but wide. Heavy shoulders stretching the fabric of a dark jacket. Hood up. Hands at his sides. He stands so still that at first I think the feed has frozen.

Then I hear him breathing.

It comes through the little speaker. Slow, steady breaths. In. Out. Like he is calming himself down.

He is angled perfectly so that the doorbell camera cannot see his face. Just the side of his jaw in the porch light, the curve of his ear, the back of his head.

He does not knock right away.

He just stands there.

“You’re being quiet today” he says finally.

His voice is calm. Softer than I expect. A little higher too. Not some monster movie growl. Just a regular man’s voice with something cold behind it.

“I know you’re there” he says. “You shouldn’t keep me waiting.”

I grip the phone so hard my fingers hurt. I look up at the front desk, but nobody is looking at me. Nobody knows that on my screen, a man is standing outside my front door talking to an empty house like I am in there listening.

“You know what today is” he says. “My favorite day.”

He lets that hang there.

“Your birthday” he says.

He lifts one hand. It is big enough to cover most of the doorbell housing as it moves past. The cuff of his jacket rides up showing a wrist with pale skin and dark hair.

He knocks.

Three times.

Each knock is slow and heavy, echoing through the tiny speaker.

Knock.
Knock.
Knock.

I feel it in my chest like he is hitting me instead of the door.

“Come on” he says, a little more excited now. “You’re being rude.”

He knocks again, harder this time.

“Open the door” he says. “It’s time to celebrate.”

I stare at the screen. People move around me in the station. A printer whirs. Someone laughs at something the clerk says. None of them can hear the man at my door.

“OPEN THE DOOR” he screams suddenly. The calm is gone. His voice cracks with something like joy. “IT’S TIME TO CELEBRATE.”

He pounds his fist against the door. The camera shakes. The porch light flickers. He stays facing the door. He never turns around. He doesn’t need to see me. In his mind, he already does.

Nobody has called my name yet.

He hits the door again. And again. And again.

He is still knocking.
He is still waiting for me.

[Part 2](
Title: No check-ins on the Second Floor

I worked overnights at a motel back in 1994. My schedule allowed it back then, and the pay was generous for relatively menial tasks. 

We had simple rules:

Don't check anyone in without an ID.

Don't leave the front desk unattended

Lock the back entrance before midnight (guests can and do walk through from the back rooms if its open)

One particularly frigid night, I sat comfortably on the worn green suede chair, swiveling gently from side to side, at once trying to stay awake and subtly lulling myself into the forbidden space between sleep and focus. 

"Did you read the note?" My coworker, Marta said, tidying items on the desk that were already tidy.

"Hm? No..." I said, straightening my posture and scanning the desk. 

"No check-ins on the second floor. For now."

"Why?"

She shrugged. 

"And any noise complaints *about* the second floor, document them but we arent supposed to investigate." 

"What? Why? Is something broken?"

"I do not know Sam, I got here the same time as you." She said impatiently.

"Maintenance will check cameras in the morning. We can refund if needed."

A few check ins rolled in around 11, a couple that rode in on a motorcycle smelling like whiskey, an older man with a pair of dry cleaned suits hung over his arm, and two young women that seemed to be having a rough night. 

I thought to check on them, or at least keep an eye out for anyone lurking around their door. Ive seen that dynamic play out more than once. 

Just past midnight, the phone rang. 

"Front desk." Marta said

"Oh, I see" she darted her eyes over to me, and I sat up curiously. 

"Sir, I-yes I understand. Unfortunately we can't do anything about the noise right now."

She looked at me, turning her free hand up in frustration. 

"We can offer you a refund-oh he hung up."

"Let it go," I said, and I stood to make a pot of coffee. 

Peeking over my shoulder, I saw Marta scribble into the log 

*Clicking sounds above 106- refund offered*

The man called twice more that hour

*Grinding sounds above 106*

*Dripping sounds above 106*

Some time after 1am, the shrill ringing of the phone jolted me awake with a gasp. 

Marta eyed me, shaking her head softly in disapproval. 

She grabbed the receiver

"Front desk." 

"Sir, as I had mentioned-"

"Sir-"

The man's voice was suddenly audible from where I was sitting, a panicked low-fi bellow from the reciever that shook me to my core. 

*They're screaming! They're screaming like theyre being torn apart!*

She looked at me, mouth agape. Eyebrows furrowed. 

I could barely speak

"Call the police," I whispered 

Tears welled in her eyes and streamed down her sallow cheeks as she shook her head delicately.

"What?"

"The line's cut off" she said, and I noticed her pushing the switchhook frantically. 

From outside, rapid footsteps crunched over the gravel drive.

Marta whimpered and pointed towards the glass door, where the silhouette of a man was pacing frantically. 

"HIDE." I hissed, pulling her under the large wooden desk. 

I peered painstakingly through a crack between the desk's wooden panels. 

"It's just the caller," I whispered. "The dry cleaning guy." 

She pressed a finger to her lips to shush me and I obliged, wondering why he would linger rather than get help.

A banging strike to the glass rattled the lobby, then another, and another. 

Marta and I pressed our palms over our mouths, each looking to the other for a way out but both petrified. 

Shaking, she slowly lowered her hand and mouthed to me, 

*Did you lock the back door?*

A searing panic gripped me as I realized the weight of my mistake. 

The sound of crunching gravel grew faint before the back door squeaked open. 

Hyperventilating into my palm, I squeezed as deeply into the corner as I could. 

"I called, and called!" He bellowed into the quiet lobby, stepping heavily from one foot to the other. 

"You really had to make me come to you?" He growled crouching down to our eye level, a manic sneer stetching across his mottled face, and the last thing I saw was my petrified reflection in his black, lifeless eyes.

I'm forever grateful to the two young women who ran two blocks to a payphone to call the police, and I'm lucky to be alive. 

But something wasn't right about that note.
Title: The First of Three Paranormal Encounters at My Grandparents’ House

Growing up, I often visited my grandparents’ house. They lived only about fifteen minutes away, so my parents didn’t see much of a problem with my siblings and me staying the night. It was an old house tucked deep in the woods—trees stretching for miles and miles in every direction. My grandpa used to joke, “I could kill a man and bury him in my backyard, and nobody would ever know.” It was obviously meant as humor, but given how dense and isolated those woods were, I wouldn’t doubt that someone living there could get away with it.

I’m writing this because my doctor says journaling helps process trauma. But that’s not the real reason. I’m writing because no one else will listen. Because if I don’t tell this the way it happened, it’ll rot inside me like everything else connected to that house.

One night, when I was about nine or ten years old, my parents drove the whole family over to Grandma and Grandpa’s for a nice dinner. Nothing felt unusual about that evening. It was mid-December, and my brother and I were already out of school until after New Year’s. Like any excited kids, we begged to stay the night. My parents agreed and left briefly to grab our pajamas.

That’s when my grandpa sat my brother and me down and asked, “Do you wanna hear a scary story?”

Of course, we said yes.

I was very close to my grandfather and always enjoyed whatever silly or mischievous activity he had planned. But this—this was the turning point. I still remember his story in vivid detail.

“Not so long ago,” he began, “there was a man who made a large sum of money. He was a well-known businessman in town, but behind closed doors, he was also a criminal. He did odd jobs for people who needed to ‘get things’ from places they weren’t supposed to. During one job, he suffered a severe accident—a gunshot wound to the head.”

At that moment, my sense of comfort vanished, replaced by fear and an unsettling curiosity.

“Despite the injury, the man survived,” my grandfather continued. “After that, he decided to leave his criminal life behind and live quietly with his wife. So he built a house in the middle of the woods. This very house.”

Even now, remembering that sentence sends chills down my spine.

“For the first few months, everything seemed fine,” he said. “The man enjoyed long walks along his property line, while his wife admired the scenery the woods had to offer. But the injury left him with severe mental problems. He would get lost inside his own house. He threatened neighbors with a shotgun, convinced they were after him. His wife once caught him stuffing pennies into holes he’d blasted into the walls.”

By then, my younger brother had slipped away to find our grandmother—he was too scared to stay. I don’t blame him. No child should hear a story like that. I was just as frightened, but I stayed. I don’t know why. I should’ve followed him, but I was completely captivated.

“The man had completely lost his mind,” my grandfather said quietly. “And it left his wife emotionally drained.”

“What happened to him, Grandpa?” I asked.

“Well,” he replied, “this is where there’s no real ending. One night, the neighbors across the street heard a loud shotgun blast from the house. They weren’t alarmed at first—they assumed he was having another episode. But what terrified them was the silence that followed. No second shot.”

“The neighbors went inside. The walls were riddled with holes—some from shotgun blasts, others drilled with tools. Pocket change littered the floors and filled the holes. The house was a mess, but the damage drew their attention upward—to an indoor balcony with a spiral staircase. They climbed it in fear.”

My grandfather swallowed before continuing.“When they opened the door at the end of the balcony, they were horrified. The man had blown his head off. Blood and brains painted the wall behind him.”

I felt sick just hearing it. The way he told it made it feel real—like I was standing there with them.

“The wife was nowhere to be found,” he went on. “Police investigated for weeks. The story became local legend. Some say the wife fled in fear. Others say she killed him to end his suffering. Either way, the ending is the same. The man was shot, and his wife disappeared.”

I still don’t understand why my grandfather told us that story—why he chose that night, or why he never told my parents. Sometimes I wonder if it was meant as harmless fun. After all, every night we stayed there, we slept in that room.

That night still haunts me. No one believes me when I talk about it, but I know what I heard. I know what I saw.

After the story, my grandmother led us upstairs to the bedroom. There was an old bunk bed—probably my mom’s from when she was little. She tucked us in and turned out the lights. I started on the bottom bunk, my brother on top. At some point in the night, we argued over switching places. It was stupid, childish. I wish I hadn’t fought him. He lost, and we switched.

From the top bunk, I could see the entire room.

Hours later, I noticed a small black figure standing in the doorway. I wasn’t afraid at first—I assumed it was my brother.

The figure stood there for several minutes.

“Hello?” I whispered.

“Hi.” it replied.

“What are you doing?”

“I was waiting.”

“What for?”

“I’m waiting to play. Everyone’s asleep, and it’s not fun.”

I still thought it was my brother.

“You’re new here,” it said. “I thought you’d be different from the other two downstairs.”

That’s when fear locked my body in place.

“Those are my grandparents,” I said, trying to stay calm. “They’re older. They need more rest.”

“Why?”

“You just get sleepier when you’re older, I guess.”

The figure began moving closer. Floorboards creaked softly as it approached the bunk bed.

“Do you ever get tired?” I asked, my voice shaking.

“No. Not anymore.” 

Then I couldn’t see it anymore—but I could hear it.

“Why are you here tonight?” it asked.

“We wanted to spend the night. We like visiting our grandparents.”

“Do you love them?”

“Yes,” I said. “My grandpa’s fun, and my grandma makes good food.”

The creaking stopped.

“Then why don’t you stay here?”

Suddenly, the mattress beneath me shifted. A heavy weight pressed down on the lower bunk.

“So we can play all the time.”

I felt my heart pounding. I wanted my parents. I didn’t know whether to scream.

“I can’t,” I said. “I live with my parents.”

The weight shifted again. Cold air brushed my feet. I knew it was climbing toward me.

“Do you not like me?” it asked.

“No—I like you,” I whispered.

“Then stay. You can be with me and your grandparents.”

I snapped.

“No! I can’t stay! My parents would miss me! I can’t play with you!”

The cold retreated. The weight lifted.

“Okay,” it said calmly.

Silence followed. I thought it was gone.

Then a whisper brushed my ear.

“I hope they won’t miss your brother.”

I screamed.

I ran downstairs and burst into my grandparents’ room, sobbing about the shadow.

“I told you not to tell them that stupid story!” my grandma yelled.

“Oh hush,” my grandpa said. “The boy is just scared of the dark.

They gave me a snack and carried me back upstairs. When they turned on the lights, they froze.

A massive bloodstain covered the bottom bunk. The window was open.

I don’t remember much after that. The police came. My parents screamed. My mother cried. The police questioned me. At the time, I thought it was because I was the last person with Caleb. Now I think they suspected me.

They searched for him.

It’s been ten years. They never found my brother.

My family fell apart. We moved away—from my grandparents, from the woods, from the accusations. People called me freak and murderer. In the city, no one knew. I was just Will.

I wish I could say that was the end of it.

But I wouldn’t be writing this from a psych ward if it were.

What I saw was real. Everything was real. And if you know what’s fucking good for you, you’ll destroy that house. Burn it down.

Just don’t let anyone else go inside.

Because he will get you.
Title: There is something in the forest pretending to be a person

The bus ride out was long and quiet. I spent most of it either staring out the window or drifting in and out of sleep. I was the last one aboard after a few passengers trickled off in small rural towns.  

The bus suddenly came to a halt, and a distraught man got aboard. He stumbled down the aisle, sat across from me, and began to scribble intently into a battered, leather-bound book. He looked older, maybe in his sixties, tired looking, wearing well-worn and dirty hiking gear. He spent the whole ride either writing or flipping through the pages.  

About an hour before my stop, the bus driver called out, “Reinheim National Park Ranger Station”. The man abruptly stood up and rushed to the front of the bus. He searched his pockets frantically, then slapped some loose change onto the fare counter before darting off without saying a word.  

Sometime later, the bus driver called out my stop. As I was about to exit, I noticed that the man from earlier had, in his hurry, left his book on the seat behind the driver. I figured I’d keep it safe. If I saw him again on the trail, I could return it, or I could hand it over to the rangers on my way back home. 

The trail was empty except for the occasional deer or rabbit darting between the trees. I spent hours listening to the crunch under my boots, birdcalls, and the rustle of leaves and pine needles. As the sun crept closer to the horizon, I figured it was time to set up my camp for the night. I found a suitable spot next to a small stream and began unpacking my backpack. I set up my tent, gathered some firewood, and boiled water from the stream to rehydrate a freeze-dried meal.  

The sun dipped below the horizon, and the temperature began to sink. I tucked myself into my sleeping bag, but I couldn’t shake the urge I had been trying to ignore all evening. I glanced over at the book sitting half-buried in the open lid of my pack. I reached for it and flipped to the first few pages. The handwriting was compact, but neat. It started off like any trail journal: short entries about trail conditions, notes on the weather, and a few sketches of flowers. One entry even described a fox encounter in surprisingly poetic detail. I had just turned to another page when I heard a voice call out,  

“Hello? Anyone there?”.  

I slowly unzipped the tent and poked my head out. In the dim glow of the dying embers, I could just make out the outline of a man standing a few meters away. 

“Sorry to bother you. I noticed your fire,” the man said. “Would you mind if I pitch my tent here? It’s getting late, and I’d rather not stumble around looking for another spot in the dark.” 

Out here, hospitality felt less like a choice and more like an unspoken rule. “Sure... plenty of space,” I answered hesitantly.  

He crouched and began to stir the fire with a practiced hand. With a few quick motions he coaxed the embers back into a flame. The fire flared brighter than it had all evening, crackling and alive again, pushing back the shadows and fully illuminating his face. He looked to be in his fifties, nearly bald with small patches of hair clinging to his scalp, dark rings around his eyes, and an unshaven jaw. His clothes were covered in dried mud. He smiled faintly. 

“Hope you don’t mind,” he said, glancing up at me. He lowered himself onto a rock across from me and warmed his hands over the fire. “My name’s Eric,” he said, after a moment. “You been out here long?” 

“I’m Jon. First day out here. You?” 

“Long enough,” he replied with a chuckle. “Well, I don’t want to keep you up all night”.  

I crawled back into my sleeping bag as he pitched his tent next to mine. The last thing I saw before I drifted off to sleep was his silhouette, sitting perfectly still by the fire.  

 

“Morning,” I mumbled, stepping out of my tent. A small kettle of water hissed quietly on a makeshift grate over the flames. “I didn’t hear you get up.” 

He glanced at me with a practiced smile. “Got up early and figured I’d boil some water for your coffee.” 

I froze. “How do you know I drink coffee in the morning?” 

“I recognized the acidic scent on your breath yesterday. Figured you’d want the water ready”, his tone remaining nonchalant. “Some habits are hard to miss.” 

I rummaged through my pack and pulled out the small tin of instant coffee. “Well, I’ve got some bread too if you want some.”  

Eric shook his head. “Thanks, but I’ve already eaten.” 

He poured the hot water into two cups, and I stirred some powdered coffee into mine. I reached to pour some into Eric’s cup, but he quickly lifted his cup of plain, hot water to his mouth and drank it in one swift motion. Perhaps he prefers tea, I thought. 

Breakfast done, we put out the fire and efficiently packed up the tents and gear. The morning light filtered through the trees, casting long shadows across the forest floor. I unfurled my map and compass and started to plot a course to the next campsite, when I felt Eric put his hand on my shoulder.  

“I know the way,” he said simply. There was no arrogance in his tone, only a certainty that left no room for discussion. 

The air was crisp, and birds called sporadically from the treetops. Eric moved with an ease that made it clear he was more than comfortable here, navigating rocks and inclines without hesitation. We hiked for hours in silence. Curiously, Eric fell back to walk behind me, occasionally offering directions or commenting on my footing. At first, I thought he might have just been giving me space, but I couldn’t shake the feeling that he either wanted to watch me or didn’t want me to watch him.  

The forest seemed to respond to our passage. The rustle of leaves was quieter, and the birds that had greeted the morning had gone silent.  

Eventually, the urge to pee forced me to set my backpack down and I walked behind a nearby tree. When I returned, I noticed the main compartment zipper on my backpack was pulled down just a crack. 

“Need anything from my pack?” I asked Eric.  

“I looked at your compass to make sure we’re heading the right way.”  

Not wanting to antagonize my new hiking companion out in the middle of nowhere, I gave him a nod, and we pressed on.  

The path gradually widened into a clearing, and the new campsite lay ahead. I unpacked my tent while Eric built the fire with practiced motions. 

“Here, let me help you with that,” Eric said quietly and came over to me.  

He grabbed the tent stakes and drove them into the dirt with his bare, flat palm. Seeing my surprise, he patted my back, his hand feeling cold, even through the fabric of my shirt. He returned to the fire, sitting perfectly still and watching me with unnervingly attentive eyes. 

As we waited for the water to boil for supper, I retrieved the leather-bound book from my backpack. As I flipped it open, I noticed Eric’s eyes slightly widen, a flicker of recognition that vanished as quickly as it appeared. He shifted back into his usual posture, hands resting on his knees and fixed his gaze on the flames.  

Settling back against a log, I flipped to where I left off the evening before and continued to read.  

*October 4th, 2025: We made good time to the first campsite, arriving well before sunset. A great start to our five-day loop. Clear sky, light wind from the west.*  

*A gunshot woke me after midnight. Eric’s bag was empty. I called for him and received no response. He came out of the dark a few minutes later, said he’d had to scare off a bear lurking around the camp. We’ll take a look around the area first thing in the morning.* 

*October 5th, 2025: Nothing seemed out of the ordinary around the camp. Found prints, not from a bear though. Eric’s been mostly quiet, says he slept badly. Air heavy, with thunderclouds on the horizon, but the storm never came in. Trail mostly dry.*  

*October 6th, 2025: I haven’t seen Eric eat or drink since yesterday morning. He waved off breakfast. At the stream he didn’t refill his bottle. At lunch he said he wasn’t hungry. Maybe he’s queasy.*  

*I tried to bring up some old stories. He seemed oddly curious, like it was the first time he had heard them. Didn’t add details or correct me the way he always does. Just watched the firewood collapse to coals.* 

*Otherwise, it was very humid, and a full moon helped to light up the forest at night.*  

*October 7th, 2025: I woke up twice last night. Eric was still up, I don’t think he noticed me.*  

*I decided to confront him this morning about his strange behavior. He just sat there expressionless. I’ve noticed that his reactions always come a second too late, like he’s trying to figure out how he should respond correctly. His skin looks different too. New wrinkles, a slight yellow tone, and his hair has started to fall out. My only explanation is that something might have poisoned him.* 

*October 8th, 2025: It doesn’t eat, doesn’t sleep, doesn’t blink. There is no soul behind its eyes. It just sits by the fire and watches. I cut a hole in the back of my tent. Tonight, I’m leaving.* 

I looked up from the journal and met Eric’s eyes across the fire. For a moment, neither of us moved. Then, without breaking eye contact, he said calmly, “The water is ready.” 

My hand shook as I fumbled with a pack of dried chicken and poured in the hot water. The plastic crinkled loudly in the silence. Eric shifted slightly, the firelight flickering across his face. He opened a small pack of chicken, picked out the pieces of meat with his bare, dirty fingers, rinsed off the sauce in the boiling water, and swallowed the pieces whole. 

After some time, he spoke. “These woods are old. They have stories, if you know how to listen.” 

“What kind of stories?” I asked, careful to not let my unease show.  

“Well, there’s one about a creature that’s been here longer than any map or trail. Most people think it’s just a local legend, but I’ve seen signs that suggest otherwise.” 

He leaned forward, and for a moment, his face held what might have been a look of sorrow. 

“They say a long time ago; there was a man who lived not far from here. A hunter, clever and strong, but with a hunger in him that no food could satisfy. He began to hunt not deer, not rabbit, but people. Travelers, wanderers, anyone foolish enough to stray too far into the woods. He ate their flesh, wore their skins, and thought himself above the laws of men.” 

“For his crimes, God or maybe something older, cursed him to walk the forests forever, never resting, never belonging. To torment him further, they say, he was given a gift. He could take the shape of any man or woman and wear any face he desired. He could study them, live beside them, almost fool himself into believing he was human again. Almost.” 

Eric stirred the fire with a stick. 

“No matter how much he learned, how to laugh, how to cry, or how to tell stories, something always betrayed him. His reflection came back wrong. His eyes were void of a soul. And when people noticed, when they looked too closely... Well, he had to feed”. He paused, letting the silence fill the clearing. 

“They say he still walks these woods. Listening. Learning. Hoping that someone will mistake him for a human.” 

“Yeah, spooky story...” I muttered, no longer able to meet his eyes.  

My mind raced. Should I make a move, bolt into the forest and risk being caught in the dark, or stay and act like nothing had changed? Every instinct screamed to run, yet my body was frozen in place like a statue.  

I studied the features of my companion, and with every glance, my stomach twisted tighter. His skin was pale and patchy, loose in some places and stretched too tightly over bone in others. Yellowed with hints of purple bruising around his neck, it looked as though it had begun the early stages of decomposition. Even his breathing seemed off, shallow and deliberate, as though he were carefully measuring the amount of air in each inhale. And yet I had been blind to the truth, staring me in the face.  

I curled my hands into fists to keep the shaking from showing, forced myself to breathe evenly and to keep my expression neutral. My mind raced to find the right words, a way to break the tension. I rubbed at my eyes, feigning a tired yawn, and muttered something about turning in early, hoping that my voice didn’t reveal the dread that had solidified inside me. Just as my mind had started to pick apart the inconsistencies of his disguise, I couldn’t help but wonder if he could do the same to me. 

I slipped into my tent and pulled the zipper closed with slow, careful hands. My fingers shook as I unfolded the map, the paper crackling far too loudly. I traced the lines with a finger, estimating the nearest road at just over forty kilometers away. The problem was, I couldn’t even be sure of our location, having followed Eric’s lead the entire day. It was also a day’s trek in daylight, let alone in the middle of the night, but it was the only chance I had. 

Essentials only. Flashlight, compass, map, knife, water bottle, protein bars, matches and the journal. I stuffed them all into a small drawstring sack that usually held my sleeping bag.  

Impelled by the journal entries, I carefully drew the knife from its sheath. I gripped the knife with both hands to steady it and pressed the steel into the tent’s nylon until it parted with a faint hiss. I eased myself through the slit, every rustle of the fabric thunderous to my ears, and slipped into the darkness just beyond the firelight. 

The forest stretched on without end, the only sounds were my rasped breath and the thud of my heartbeat. Beneath it, faint at first, there was something else. A low murmur at the edge of hearing, like someone whispering in the distance. As I ran closer, the sound grew into the unmistakable rush of water.  

The river was wider than I’d hoped. The moonlight glinted across the surface, silver streaks breaking into shards where the current churned. I hesitated at the riverbank, weighing whether to wade through the freezing water or search for a way around, when a sudden crash echoed from the direction I had come. Twigs snapping, branches splintering, something was moving fast and coming straight towards me. 

I ripped the sack from my shoulders and hurled it across the water. It landed with a thud on the gravel on the far shore. I stepped into the water. The cold was immediate and brutal, stabbing like needles up my legs. The current nearly swept me off my feet; it wrenched a boot loose from my left foot and dragged it downstream. I waded toward a massive tangle of driftwood caught against some rocks. My body pressed against the slick wood as I slowly submerged myself until only my eyes broke the surface. I forced myself to stay still, every muscle locked. 

It crawled from the trees on all fours, its limbs bending in impossible directions, moving with an unnatural elasticity. Its spine arched grotesquely, inverted like a demonic contortionist. Eric’s head was twisted around on his own neck with eyes staring forward.  

It waded into the water, coming straight toward my hiding spot, each step deliberate, like a predator closing in on its prey. It stopped and jerked upright, like a dog catching a scent. It sniffed the air and slowly tilted its head downstream. In a sudden blur of motion, it bolted in that direction, thrashing through the water with a speed that defied anything human. 

I dragged myself from the freezing water and stumbled onto the shore. I collapsed for a moment on the gravel, heaving for air. I slowly managed to stand up, hoisted the sack over my shoulder and staggered into the trees. 

My left foot, now only protected by a wet wool sock, hurt with every misstep. Jolts of pain shot up my leg as I stepped on a sharp rock or a pointy twig. I leaned against a tree and slid down until my back rested firmly against the bark. I needed warmth and dry clothing, but a campfire would likely act as a beacon to my location.  

Hands shivering, I fumbled for my bag and pulled out the leather-bound book. I held it flat to illuminate the pages with the help of the moonlight as I flipped to the next entry.  

*October 9th, 2025: Humans evolved to be expert pattern recognizers. Our brains expend valuable energy analyzing faces in real time, mouth curvature, the cadence of a blink, the subtle shift of a pupil. Most people don’t notice; it’s unconscious. But when a detail doesn’t fit the expected pattern, something ancient and deep inside us rebels. It’s an instinct honed over thousands of years, designed to protect us from the unnatural.*  

*If someone is reading this, don’t make the same mistake I did. It has spent centuries perfecting its disguise, because it craves the one thing it can never truly be: a human. Don’t break the illusion. Not for a second. Not even in your thoughts.* 

I pushed myself off the tree, every joint stiff, and started walking. I forced my steps to be silent and careful. I waded back across the river, my destination was just a short distance away. On the riverbank, I found a trail of broken branches and followed them until I saw a faint glow flickering between the trees ahead. 

The campsite looked unchanged. The familiar silhouettes of the tents stood exactly where we had pitched them, but there was no sign of Eric. 

I stripped off my soaked clothes, hung them over a branch and dug out a dry set from my bag. I sat down next to the campfire and stretched out my hands to feel the warmth. A shift in the air prickled the back of my neck and I heard the clicking sounds of joints snapping back into place, one by one.  

“I... I have something I’ve wanted to tell you. I found this book on the bus.” My thumb traced the worn spine as I spoke. “I think you know who it belongs to. Perhaps you could return it to its owner for me."

Eric stepped out of the darkness. His neck was bruised, and the stretched remnants of his face, pulled too many ways, sagged down, partially covering his eyes and mouth. He looked at me from across the flames, then sat down on the other side. He took the book from me and placed it on the ground next to him dismissively. 

He then stretched out his other hand, holding something. “Found your shoe.”  

I stared down at the dirty sock protecting my foot for a moment, then forced myself to look up to meet his eyes. “Thanks,” I managed.  

“Must have slipped off your foot”, Eric said casually.  

“I was unlucky.” 

“Unlucky?”, Eric repeated, tasting the word in his mouth. “No. You are lucky. Lucky I found it. How would we finish our hike if you couldn’t walk properly?” 

Every movement now felt like a performance under scrutiny. Every blink and every word I spoke had to seem natural. Too fast, too slow, too rehearsed, and the fragile illusion I had mended for him would shatter.  

“You should get some sleep, the last leg will be most difficult,” Eric stated matter-of-factly.  

Grateful for the sudden exit, I gave him a small nod and slipped into my tent, but sleep wouldn’t come. I lay awake for hours listening intently and waiting for something to happen.  

Morning soon arrived, and I emerged from the tent to find Eric exactly where I had left him, though something was different. The item that had kept me alive was gone. As we packed up the tents for the last time, I spotted the now blackened and gray remnants of leather and paper in the firepit. 

The trail was uneven and littered with slippery rocks, wet from overnight dew. Concentrating on each careful step gave me a brief mental reprieve from the predator I could feel stalking just a few paces behind me. 

As I stepped out of the treeline and onto the road, the footsteps behind me abruptly disappeared. I turned and looked back into the dark woods I had spent the weekend trapped in. The only traces of him were quadrupedal prints pressed into the dirt beside my own boot prints. My mind replayed every moment of the last few days like a nightmare I couldn’t shake as I waited for my ride home.  

The bus rumbled as it pulled away from the stop. I leaned back in my seat, the window cool against my temple, and let out a slow breath. After a while, I slipped a hand into my jacket pocket and felt something dry and brittle. Charred scraps of paper rested in my hand. The edges were blackened and fragile, but the writing was still legible.  

I took out my phone and opened a blank note. I’m doing my best to recount everything that has happened while the memories are still vivid and fresh in my mind.
Title: Garden Joe: Redneck Wizard - Part 1/4

**PART 1** — [PART 2]( — [PART 3]( — [Part 4](

I had the distinct impression that this was the kind of place I would have found a shotgun in my face if I hadn’t been invited.

I was in a community of three double-wide trailers sat in a semi-circle in a clearing, bordered on all sides by forest so thick you’d need a chainsaw to cut a path through it. It’s a large parcel of land down a long private, dirt driveway off a back road that was itself far from any major arteries. That’ll give you the proper impression of the Greenhill estate and how isolated it is. Solar panels sat on the roofs of the trailers, right next to Starlink satellite dishes. A diesel generator roared somewhere nearby. To the north was a steep drop-off into a ravine, and to the east was a gentle decline into a gravel pit. Near the ravine was an old arts-and-crafts style house, burned and partially collapsed.

Timothy—the scrawny man who had driven me from town in a worn-out old ’94 dodge that rattled when he geared up—waved me to follow him back around behind the trailers. “Right this way, professor,” he said in that rural drawl I would have found endearing if he would have stopped speaking for even just a moment on our two hour journey. Along and in between the trailers there were gardens of corn, tomatoes, carrots, and many different kinds of flowers. I passed beneath a rattan arch, thin vines growing up and over it. It was an impressive display of a dedicated horticulturalist.

Around the other side of the trailers, inside the protected semi-circle of the — well, I’ll not quite call it a ‘village’ — stood a man wearing nothing but a pair of mid-thigh jean-short cutoffs and flip-flops, silver can of Coors in-hand. He was lean, tall, with the tail of a blonde mullet sprouting from the back of his red snap-back hat. His beady eyes watched me approach and I was given the distinct impression he was appraising me based on the way I walked and dressed. Suddenly conscious of my Oxford shoes and horn-rimmed glasses, I reached out to shake his hand but instead of meeting me the man lifted his beer in greeting.

Garden Joe was, of course, an amputee, the nub of flesh of his left arm ending just before where his elbow should have been.

You don’t have to believe this next part if it breaches your assurance of a rational, physics-based reality, but you do have to understand my position on the matter. This happened in 2020 and I’m only just now writing my thoughts down into something approaching a coherent story, collected from a thousand Post-It notes and recordings on my phone. At the time I was a professor of anthropology at a small university in the Deep South—I won’t tell you where, even though I’m sure you could probably figure it out on your own if you try hard enough. My specialty is in the rituals, occult matters and demonic possessions that spread in America during the Age of Reason. The long and short of it is this: As people left their farmsteads and plantations and began moving into the industrializing cities for work, they took with them the stories of beasts haunting their local woods, evil witches and their dark rituals, eldritch beings from beyond the veil of sanity.

But this story isn’t about any of that. This story is about Garden Joe, redneck wizard.

"Okay," I said, withdrawing my hand, feeling stupid. “Show me what you got, Joe."

Garden Joe downed the last of his beer, crumpled the empty can against the side of his head, and tossed it over his shoulder, where it landed with a metallic clatter among a pile of empties. He cracked all the knuckles on his one hand by pushing them up against his hip, then extended his arm out in front of him and wiggled his fingers.

In the silence that followed, Joe let out a loud belch, wiped his mouth, and spoke. “Now, I need to do some concentratin'," Joe said, his voice a note higher than I had expected. "So, ya'll be quiet now.” He cleared his throat like he was trying to remove seven days of phlegm from it, and hummed a deep, low bass, the single note resonating from his chest. As it grew in volume his whole body vibrated, before he stopped, allowed a second of silence, pointed one finger at a bare patch of dirt some 20 feet away.

"Alcatraz!" Garden Joe shouted, and a burst of milky smoke erupted from the tip of his finger and shot forward at a frightening speed, exploding into the dirt patch and spreading out to cover it.

Timothy let out a ‘whoop’ beside me and smacked me with the back of his arm. “See that! I told you he could do magic!”

“Okay,” I said, a little breathless. It was not my first time seeing real magic but it had been rare enough in my life that I was taken aback every time.

"Hush now, you two,” Joe said. “Watch the spot and let it clear…”

I did, and as the milky cloud thing began to dissipate I noticed what had taken shape in the dirt patch: a small fruit tree, no taller than shoulder height, but with brownish little fruits hanging from it.

"Those're figs," Timothy announced. "My daddy showed me those before and those're figs!" He marched forward and slapped Joe on the back. “You haven’t made figs before, Garden Joe! Goll-*ee!*”

"Can you do that again?" I asked.

“Sure thing, teacher-man,” Joe said, and sang that low hum again. Once more he vibrated for a moment before stopping and pointing his index finger at a different spot, this time where an old wooden sandbox sat neglected and muddy, out front of the old house. “Alcatraz!" The same milky puff of not-quite-smoke shot from his fingertip and covered the sandbox. When it had vanished a small forest of life had overgrown the structure, including fully mature trees and and dense ground vegetation.

Joe turned around with a wide grin of pride on his face, displaying the gaps in his teeth.

"Tell me how," I said.

“Why? You goin’ write a report about me? Make a Youtube video?”

“Maybe. Yeah. You okay with that?”

“Hell, yeah brother! I might as well get this magic out to the world; figured my time is comin’ soon.”

“Why do you think that?”

He shrugged. “Don’t know, just a feelin’.” He sniffed. “You thirsty?”

“Sure,” I said.

"All started in 2012," Joe explained with his face stuck in the fridge inside his trailer. I had sunken myself into the old sofa beside Timothy, but it wasn't just the three of us—a large woman weighing in excess of 350lbs was sprawled out on a bed at the back of the trailer, ignoring us while she watched something on an old Panasonic with the volume low. Joe snapped up three beers and passed them out to us. The can was cold and wet in my hand. “Timothy will remember this because it was when we met and became friends at the Mayan Convention.”

Timothy nodded. "That's right. Remember when you laid out ol' Corchester with one good punch outside the hotel bar?” He mimed squaring up and punching out an unseen opponent, before bursting into an odd chuckle that sounded like machine gun fire.

"Hey, hush now, Timothy. I've got a story to tell the professor." But the man was in no rush; he pushed himself up on top of the kitchen counter, the top of his head nearly scraping the ceiling, and searched his pockets. Joe pulled out some rolling papers and a dimebag, carefully sprinkling its contents out onto one of the papers before expertly rolling it up with one hand. “Grow it myself,” he said when he noticed me watching. “Finest in the land.” He ran his nose along the joint and sniffed. “I had just gotten back from deployment, professor. They were dischargin’ me on account of ol’ stubby here.” He waved the stump of his arm and cleared his throat. "Anywho, aunty said I should take up gardening, keep my head busy while it dealt with all the trauma and tried to fix itself."

"Were you ever diagnosed with anything?"

He nodded, slow and serious. “Well, certainly: PTSD… Pretty Tall Substantial Dick disorder!” The two friends burst into laughter. I waited patiently for them to finish and for Joe to continue his story. He stuck the freshly-rolled joint between his teeth and grinned at me, then blindly searched the cluttered shelf behind him, fishing out a lighter. “Don’t trust doctors.”

“But you trust me.”

“Well, you ain’t a doctor.”

“I have a doctorate; I am a doctor.”

He regarded me, joint in his mouth, lighter clasped just beneath it. “You ain’t a *head doctor*. I got real sick of them treatin’ me like I was going to shoot myself every time I went to one of my mandatory VA appointments.” He paused, glanced at the lighter. “I can do other stuff you know, it’s not just gardenin’. Catch!” He tossed the lighter to me and I fumbled for it. “I ain’t so good with fire yet, but…” He cleared his throat and started humming that deep bass note again. The vibration this time was smaller, more local to his finger, which was brushing the tip of the joint. “*Shazam*,” he muttered through gritted teeth, spark erupted from his finger and lit the cigarette.

Timothy whooped, smaller this time, I couldn’t help but clap. It was a decent party trick.

Joe shrugged as he sucked back on the joint, as if it were all no big deal. "So anyway," he said, exhaling. "I noticed that things grow real fast when I'm gardening. Like, faster than they have any right to. But I don't know much about it so I don't see anything wrong with it 'till it's pointed out to me." He leaned across to offer me the joint and I turned him down.

Timothy cackled. "And he weren’t even—he weren’t even tryin' to grow *tomatas!*”

Joe laughed along with him. “I thought it was normal to have plump tomatoes after three days! I thought they was just *easy to grow!* Like weeds or somethin’! As time went by, I got better and better at it.” He passed the joint to Timothy and transitioned back to drinking his beer. Over the next 20 minutes, three beers and two joints, he told me a meandering tale of growing plants, starting a gardening and landscaping business, getting cheated out of his half of it by his business partner, and trashing that guy’s house to send a message.

It had remarkably little to do with the occult.

“You don’t know why you are the way you are,” I summarized.

He tapped the beer can to the side of his head and winked at me. “Maybe it’s the Mayan prophesy. Maybe it’s because I got a little Indian blood in my veins. Maybe somethin’ inside me changed when those Blackthorpes took my sister, changin’ me into a magic-man, of a type.” He took a gulp of beer. “I know what you’re thinking: ‘Garden Joe doesn’t look like no wizard *I’ve* seen before.’”

“That may be true, but magic doesn’t typically manifest itself in people based on what they look like. It usually has more to do with powerful emotions, like when you experience trauma. What’s this about your sister?” Like I said, it’s my area of expertise.

“Huh,” was all Joe could say.

“Garden Joe, you are perfect just the way you are,” Timothy declared, then turned to me. “The Greenhill family and the Blackthorpe family go way, way back. Like ancient times back, more than a hundred years! They are *evil*, those Blackthorpes.”

Feuding, back country families? Generational clashes stretching back to the 1800’s like the Hatfields and McCoys? I wanted to ask more about this but Joe was already moving on.

“Ya know, I been thinkin’. I *love* Jesus. Aunty knows how much I love Jesus, don't you, aunty?” The large woman grunted from the back of the trailer but kept her eyes on whatever was playing on the Panasonic. "I love Jesus, but now I'm startin' to wonder... Maybe I love Jesus so much because I'm Him. Like, He is me, from a different time and place, if you catch my drift.”

I cleared my throat, gave my own Coors a careful sip. "Well," I said after swallowing. "That would really be something to believe in.”

“I’m the only man in existence that can create life out of nothing.” He seemed to mediate on this thought for a moment. Suddenly, Joe was on his feet, beer held high like he was toasting someone. "What if I, Joseph G. Greenhill, were the *Lamb of God*?”

An uncomfortable silence, then Timothy spoke. "Ya know, they say the fruit Adam and Eve ate in the garden of Eden wasn't an apple at all, because they didn’t have no apple trees back then. It was a fig tree."

"Timothy, that's the smartest thing I ever heard come out from between those big lips of yours.” Joe glanced between us, excitment growing on his face. “You fella’s wanna go shoot some guns?” The two of them left for outside, yipping and hollering. I chose to stay behind; I had some questions for the woman in the back.

“You’re Joe’s aunt?” I asked her

“That’s right,” she said, flicking her eyes from the tv to my face, but only briefly, then it was back to her show. She looked to be about 50 or 60. There was an unlit cigarette lying in an ash tray near her abdomen, a third of it missing.

“Where’s his mother these days? I was hoping to ask her some things about the family history.”

“Dead,” she said, monotone.

“I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be. It was all her fault, anyway.” Credits rolled on the TV. She sighed, reached for the remote and flicked it off. Now we were in the dark, with nothing more than sunlight sneaking in from between the curtains.

“The Greenhill land is beautiful,” I offered. “It looks like the forest here has never been worked. It’s ancient and primeval in a way I’ve never seen before.”

“New York?”

“State, yeah.”

“Thought so, had that sort of funny speech about you.” I caught a flicker of a smile on her lips.

“The old house outside is beautiful too. It’s rare to see turn of the century architecture like that these days. Is it habitable?”

She threw her hands up as if to say ‘look around’. “I wouldn’t be livin’ in this trailer if it were habitable.”

“Well, maybe Joe can fix it now he’s… the way he is.”

“Yeah, maybe, but just try and get him away from his beer-drinkin’ with his friends for a moment to accomplish something. That boy has not worked a normal job in years.” A crack of rifle fire rang out in the distance.

“At least you’ll always have food to eat.” She rolled her eyes. “All this stuff about him calling himself the Son of God, the reincarnation of Jesus… What’s your thoughts on that?”

“Oh, Joe’s just drunk. He don’t believe that, not really. If he were Jesus how come he’s only got one arm?” She laughed. “His momma always claimed he was a miracle baby. I didn’t realize she meant it like this.”

“A miracle baby? Like, in what way?”

“Immaculate conception. Unlikely, ‘cause she was slickin’ around town with every boy she could get with when we was younger. Lo’ and behold, she got herself pregnant! Claimed it was all a misunderstandin’ and she was still a virgin. Daddy damn near tore through town lookin’ for the boy who done that to her. We never did find out who Joe’s father was.”

“Who was his mother?”

“Mary.” I nearly choked on my beer. “Oh, I suppose I mean ‘Marigold’. We were both named after flowers; it was something people did back in the 60’s. My name’s Sunflower, by the way, but you can call me Aunty.”

I truly hope Ms. Sunflower Greenhill never reads this; I don’t want her to know that I think ‘Marigold’ is a much better name than ‘Sunflower’.

“Your father?” I asked.

“Dead too. Buried with the others behind the house, if you want to take a look. Every Greenhill is buried on this property datin’ back to 1813. Well, ‘cept for Leanne.”

“Your niece. Joe said she was taken by the Blackthorpe family.”

She waved the idea away. “Blackthorpes are bad, but they’re not *kidnapping-and-murdering* bad. Joe will say they used her in some bloody ritual or somethin’. Like a sacrifice. It ain’t true. That child is long gone from here.” Another gunshot. I thought I could hear the two of them outside cheering. “Them forests ain’t primeval, you know,” she said. It took me a beat to realize what she was talking about.

“And why is that, um, Aunty?”

She smiled a self-satisfied smile. “Well, before the white people got to these lands it was the Indians that lived here. And they cultivated the forests in a way that ensured there were always fruit trees, and nut trees, and plants that animals liked to eat. It was like a garden, just not one us white people could recognize. They looked right through the forest and only saw the trees and shrubs.” She reached for the cigarette and brought it to her mouth, searching around for something to light it with.

“Allow me,” I said, bringing forward Joe’s lighter.

She accepted, and breathed the cig’s smoke in deeply, nearly finishing it one go. She cleared her throat and coughed, then stubbed the thing out on the tray, still not completely finished. Still good for another day. “And now the Indians are all gone and the forest is too overgrown to cut through. Can’t find anything in that thick bush. Joe did that, ya know? When he gets it into his head that he’s gonna do something there’s no convincing him otherwise. Things get crazy around here and I just ride myself into town and stay at a friend’s for a few days. I disappear, just like the Indians.”

I nodded. “Joe said your family has Indian blood in it?”

She shrugged. “Might as well. Been here long enough.”

That evening, we had a BBQ with many of the Greenhills that lived on and off the property. I met a lot of ‘cousins’ and ‘uncles’, many of whom brought their kids. Joe seemed pleased as hell to be cooking for them all, throwing on ribs and brisket and hotdogs for the children, but I never saw him eat any of the meat. The only thing he consumed was roasted corn and beer, with a small salad prepared from the fresh ingredients of his garden.

Was Garden Joe a vegan?

When night fell we moved to the gravel pit for a bonfire. Garden Joe had his arm slung across the shoulders of a brown-haired woman with a neck tattoo of a crying bird. Timothy was slumped in a tattered camping chair, drunk or tired from the day’s events. I was feeling it myself, with the long drive, seeing the magic, walking around the Greenhill property, eating and drinking. Someone had broken out the homemade whiskey, and we all had a cup in hand.

"I always wanted to apologize to ya'll," Joe announced, slurring his words, still hanging off his girl. "I never meant to get any of ya'll involved in this. I don't even know what I'm doin', not properly anyway."

"You ain't got nothin' to worry about, Garden Joe!" one of the girls called out from across the bonfire. Several people cheered in response.

“Gosh,” Joe said. "Everyone always cheers me up. I know can always count on the good folk livin' here. Good, proper, red-blooded Americans! I know you people have my back, and we’d go to war for each other, wouldn’t we?” The group whooped and hollered. Joe did his hum-vibrate maneuver and pointed his hand at the base of the bonfire. I braced myself, stepping back a bit, unsure what a drunk wizard could do.

“Shaboozy!” he shouted. The flames shot upward, licking higher than any other fire I had seen before, lighting up the whole gravel pit. I stepped stumbled backward from the intense heat on my face. The crowd cheered and clapped at the magic, lifting their whiskey cups to honor Joe.

“Ya’ll are too good,” Joe said, his face red. “Especially you, Timothy." Joe stumbled toward his friend, still slumped in the chair. "You're the best friend a guy like me could ever asked for. If I could, I woulda’ done that thing you asked for, know that?"

"Oh yeah, sure, I know that," Timothy said, eyes darting around at the others in attendance. “D-don't need to go over it in front of—"

"Timothy, if I had the capability, I'd have made you into a woman, just like you asked for. You deserve *anything* in the world that you want.” I thought it was a mean-spirited joke but there were real tears rolling down Joe’s cheeks. "But I can't change things, I can’t alter life! I can only *create* it!” He collapsed to his knees and cried into his friend's shirt. "By the grace of god, I can create life but I can't change anything for the better!"

He was a blubbering mess, and Timothy, cheeks scarlet with embarrassment, held his friend while he cried it out. The rest of the party continued on, but quieter, not as raucous.

When I thought it appropriate, somewhere between my second and third whiskey, I slipped away from the fire and toward the ’94 dodge. I passed by the big, old house and it loomed up out of the dark, half burned and ready to turn to dust. It was like a monument to better times for the family, when they were more prosperous, when money flowed in more easily. With the closure of the mines there had been very little work available here, and I suspect most people had moved off the property even before the house became unlivable. It really seemed like this was all they had left.

I stood there at the foot of its steps, gazing up at it. And just as I looked away there was a flash of movement in the second-story window. Something had caught the moonlight for a moment, something large and pale. I squinted at the window, willing the thing to show itself again.

An owl hooted down at me from the roof. I laughed, turned away and said drunkenly, “‘I felt so lonesome I most wished I was dead.’”

Lying down in the bed of the pickup, staring at the stars overhead, I thought about this strange thing happening in a place so out of the way. There was a good chance the outside world didn’t know a thing about Joe’s magic — probably because he lived in the poorest county of a state that was already one of the poorest. Maybe outsiders couldn’t see what was going on here because of preconceptions about people that lived below the poverty line, and stuff that was worth knowing about. I had my own uncomfortable truths I needed to mull over that night.

Timothy drove me back into town the next morning. This time it was *I* who was jabbering on, trying to keep the conversation going to fill the silence. He was quiet for most of it, only speaking when I asked him a direct question.

A week later, though, he contacted me again. Told me Joe had gathered up a posse of cousins and they had marched down to the Blackthorpe property to ‘raise hell’. Said I had a way with words and he didn’t know who else to call for help.

What happened on the Blackthorpe property made me wish I had never picked up that phone.
Title: I think my town Librarian got replaced by something terrifying.

Yes, I know I sound crazy, but just listen to me.

I've always been a bit of a bookworm, so I spend a while reading novels of all types of genres. I've always loved using the library, because paying for books often just ends up meaning I finish the thing and then it sits in a cabinet forever.

Now, I've been going to this town library for a long time. It's a small town, the type where you see the same people walking down the street every day, and where you can go to restaurants and just order "your usual" without getting a confused look or two. There's been one lady who's been working at this one library for at least the past two decades, and she's pretty much the only person there, apart from the visitors and volunteers who help her clean up every week or so. She's always helpful, so everyone's happy to see her, and she keeps the place tidy and quiet.

Recently though, she missed a day at the job, something which I've only seen a few times, and it's usually her getting ill. I didn't think anything of it, and she ended up showing up next day, so everyone assumed she just got a cold, which made sense since she worked at a job with lots of kids. However, she started acting really strange after that. It's hard to exactly explain it, but it almost looks like someone else is mimicing what she does. I think the strangest part is the way she looks at people that come in like they're annoying her, something that makes no sense considering how much she loves her job. Her neighbours keep complaining about the noises coming from her house, and the descriptions they give just creep me out. The first one said he heard something like scratching on the walls. I thought he meant rats, but he clarified it was different. The other neighbour came in and said it sounded like there was a dog in there, clawing at the walls. The noise was apparently only able to heard when you got close to the house, being that it was too faint to hear inside.

You could explain all of this away simply, maybe she's just stressed because of a new pet? I wasn't gonna get involved, but one day while I was grabbing a book from the shelves, she stared at me and told me to come over. I walked up, and her voice was hushed. She told me to come to the backroom of the library, where they store everything that isn't on the shelves. I was creeped out, but I did volunteer sometimes, and maybe she just needed help cleaning up. I wouldn't want to say no and be rude, so I followed along. I regret that.

When we got to the storage closet, her eyes looked pale. She looked at me and told me to stop looking into it. I was confused, looking into what? She told me that she was still herself. Her voice was monotone, zero emotion. I started to feel uncomfortable, really uncomfortable. 

I was going to leave, when she sprinted straight to the door and locked it, faster than I'd ever seen anyone run before. She kept repeating herself, telling me to stop looking. I started to shake, and she started to smile, before putting her finger on her mouth, as if saying to shush. Half of her teeth were gone, the rest of them in the wrong places, sharp and jagged. I jumped to the door as fast as I could, and shook the handle, but it was locked. I quickly unlocked the door from the inside as she sprinted after me. The moment I ran out of the backroom, the footsteps stopped and I rushed home, locking the door behind me.

I couldn't believe it for days, it must have been a dream, I thought. But no matter how I tried to justify what I saw, I couldn't. When I go outside now, I see her peaking from the library windows discreetly, watching me move, like a lion waiting to jump.

I don't go to the library anymore.
Title: Christmas Shoes

All Parts and hurried off to my car. As I rushed through the cold, I caught something moving by the bushes on the other side of the parking lot.

I shook my head and squinted. But it was gone.

*I could have sworn it was that kid from the grocery store.*

Finally, I was home. I took a shower, watched a little TV and got into my bed, happy that the day was over.

A sound downstairs ripped me from the cusp of sleep. It was subtle, like tiny footsteps. I heard another sound—the front door unlocking and opening.

Then nothing.

I sat up in bed

A child’s voice broke the silence.

“Mama. He’s here, Mama! He’s upstairs!”

More tiny footsteps, through the living room and up the stairs.

“This is a private residence!” I yelled. “Leave now! I’m armed!”

*A lie.*

The footsteps drew louder as I reached for my phone on the bedside table to call 911.

Fumbling with the phone, I got as far as dialing the numbers, but didn’t even press *call* before the intruder was at my bedroom door.

The first thing I saw was a head. Some momentary relief passed over me. It was a woman. Not a pretty woman—long matted black hair passed over her pale face. I met her large, round eyes set back in her head as she peered around the doorframe.

“What do you want?” I asked. A touch more confident. “Get out of here!”

But then the rest of it came into view.

The head and shoulders… then legs. Two… four… six… they just kept coming. Smaller than human legs, but the same shape, carried an elongated torso into my bedroom. This centipede covered in human flesh was completely naked aside from a pair of shoes on each set of legs, save one—conspicuously barefoot.

Following close behind came the boy from the grocery store.

“There he is, Mama!” he said, pointing at me.

I stammered and stuttered, my breath catching in my chest.

“Go away!” I croaked.

But my protests were ignored.

“Do you like him, Mama?” the child asked, beaming at the creature before me.

“He’s perfect, my son,” she said. Her voice was soft; breathy, with a slight rasp.

She drew closer. I jumped out of bed and ran to the back of the room. But I was cornered.

With startling speed, the creature leapt over the bed and pinned me to the ground.

I struggled through a maze of hands and feet until I felt something sharp enter my side.

The creature backed away as my body grew numb. I tried to stand, but each passing second made movement more difficult. Soon I lay on the floor paralyzed, unable to move anything but my eyes.

She dragged my body into the center of the room as the little boy turned on the light.

I wish he hadn’t. I would have preferred not to see what happened next.

The creature stood over me, so that its long fleshy torso was only inches from my own. Then something moved.

Its flesh parted and something long and sharp protruded from its body. The thing lowered itself until the tip pierced my skin just below my navel.

I couldn’t move, but I could still feel. And it felt just like you’d think it would—like being stabbed.

The creature’s underside began to pulse as small, round bulges passed into my abdomen.

I stared at this process for a minute or more, watching my stomach bloat with whatever was being injected into me.

Finally, the creature lifted its body and looked down at me, surveying its work.

“All done, Mama?” the boy asked.

“All done. We can leave now.”

“Will the babies be okay, Mama?”

“Don’t worry, they will hatch before the paralysis wears off.”

The creature left the room, but the little boy remained—staring at me.

“I *wanted* her to look beautiful when Mama laid her eggs tonight.”

I won't make you suffer through what the next 24 hours looked like. But suffice it to say, any day where dozens of humanid centipedes emerge from your abdomen is going to to be pretty awful.

I thought about reporting the incident to the police, but thought better of it. It wouldn't look good for re-election if it got out that I didn't buy the stupid shoes.
Title: The Drive Home

Hi, my name is Gregory, and this is my story. I barely escaped, and if anything similar ever happens to you. PROCEED WITH EXTREME CAUTION.

I woke up from my nap, awakened by a small bump in the road, we were going back home from a soccer game. I was on the High School varsity team, and I even got a few minutes in. This was a big game and we had just barely won with a penalty kick after they fouled us. 
 
I lived in Arizona, where the dirt is brown and the sun is bleak. There are no beautiful greens or blues, especially out where I am. Only ugly browns and yellows.

"How far are we?" I asked anyone who was awake, feeling the fatigue weighing heavily on me. Sore from the few minutes I was in.

"Few hours out." Ethan, my closest friend on the team replied, his voice soft and weary.

I sighed, closing my eyes.

A sudden bump jolted me upwards. The shock shook me, fully awake now.

I looked at my phone and saw the time, 1:16 am, it was way too late. The length of the drive almost deserved a night at a hotel, almost.

The ride was silent. It was also bumpy, strangely bumpy, I noticed. And rough. I mean, rougher than normal. Not like a bumpy road. more like-

I looked out, we were in the middle of nowhere. It was your average nowhere here in the Grand Canyon state. Ugly creosote trees, nasty and their leaves just felt wrong. The road wasn't even asphalt, it was dirt. I don't think we ever drove on dirt to the game, and why would we?

I looked ahead and tried to see the coaches in front, it was hard to see through the seats and other players. Everyone was scattered about, on the floor, between chairs, backwards, underneath, and other ways.

I was able to see the bus driver, he looked straight ahead, unmoving.

I wanted to ask why we were off the regular road, but would have to yell to do so and I didn't want to wake anyone up. So I played games on my phone until I couldn't take it anymore. I walked to the front of the bus and asked the driver where we were going. He did not reply, he only kept staring forward. Which kinda scared me.

"Hey, where are we?" I asked, still no response "This ain't funny..."

I waved my hand in front of his face and nothing still.

Right as turned and started to walk away he said "Smell it? it's beautiful, and strange." I stopped and turned back at him, he sighed "it's amazing, I want it, whatever it is."

My mouth went dry and I felt goosebumps climb up my arms and up my back, something about this just felt wrong. "We're almost there. Can't you smell it?" he said, emotionless "I think, I think this is it." He said right before he floored the brakes, throwing everyone forward. I got thrown the furthest and landed up on the dashboard and then rolled off, my already sore body hurt. At the moment I thought it was painful, how wrong I was, because soon I would experience pain much, much worse. The driver smiled "Everyone out." he said into the microphone, the sound emanated in and through the bus and out into the cold night as he pushed the button that opens the door.

I smelled nothing, everyone else seemed as confused as I was. Especially the coach "What's going on?" Coach Johnson asked.

"It's outside, go see it." The driver said. Coach looked worried and confused, but replied calmly "Why, what's out there?"

"The amazing thing, its smells, it smells like joy, and happiness..."

Coach shifted in his seat before slowly getting up. "Alright, but only if you come with me, right? Kids, if I'm not back in a minute, call 911."

"Wait, what's out there? Coach, don't." Noah said.

"If this is a prank." Coach Johnson said before slowly stepping out the bus. The driver followed him and Coach inspected the area around the bus. I stood up and looked at the others, everyone, including myself, was nervous and scared. Something about this whole thing just felt off. Soon we were all watching out the windows, as they moved around so did we, trying to get good views. I felt hot air hit the back of my neck and I looked away for a moment to see who, Jordan. There was a sudden scream and a shrill moan, the scream was cut short and the moan faded. I quickly and in horror looked back and saw nothing. Both the coach and the bus driver were gone.

Everyone was paralyzed with fear, especially those who had actually seen it. "What happened? I looked away." Thinking it was probably all just a prank.

No one responded for a moment, I smirked. In the blink of an eye, Tyler, who had seen it, frantically ran to the front of the bus and pressed the button to shut the door. He stared at it and leaned forward, looking like he was trying to get a glimpse at something out of it. Right as the door shut there was a bang as something hit it. Tyler screamed and jumped back, his face in a petrified state.

"What?! What?!" I yelled, begging to know what was happening.

"The-the thing!" Tyler stuttered out.

"What thing?!" I asked.

"The thing that took coach, it's out there! It's banging on the door, it wants in…" He said quietly. There was another bang. And quickly following it was a sound like a scrambling animal around and under the bus.

Sam began to cry, I got more and more freaked out by the minute. The worry I was experiencing was sickening and my adrenaline was at an all time high, and just kept getting higher. I was getting pretty sure it was not a prank, but the idea still held on. Deep down I knew it was not a prank, no matter how hard I tried to pretend it was.

"What do we do?" Someone asked.

"We gotta drive away." Tyler said.

"Please do!" Sam shouted through tears.

I didn't move, I stood still, petrified. Tyler turned the key, but nothing happened. He tried again, and again. It wasn't working. "Grab anything that could be used as a weapon!" he shouted.

We all scrambled to find a weapon, one player brought a pocket knife, the others just had to make do with pencils and pens. I had nothing, so I took one of Ethan's pencils.

"What is happening?!" I yelled "What is it?"

Ethan stopped, "A monster." he said before continuing to scramble around the bus, trying again to see it. Everyone was now looking for what took coach. I looked, but couldn't see it, only darkness. The bus’s headlights were on, but it didn't seem to make a difference.

Silence and nothingness. Everyone perked their heads around the windows, looking for the 'monster.'

I was still confused, what did they, could they mean by monster? An animal? A person? It did not even occur to me that what they meant by a monster, was a monster.

I felt a sudden chill and looked to see where it had come from. There, I saw Mason peeking out of a window, he had openedit to look for the monster. His fingers clinged to the edge to hold himself up and to get a better view. He looked around. Tyler yelled at him “Shut the window!”

“What?” Mason asked, confused. Frenzied animal-like running could be heard from under the bus as it ran towards the window. His eyes went wide for a mere moment before he screamed in pain as his arms were pulled through the window. He pulled back in anguish and panic. I wish I could say I tried to help him, to rescue him, but I only sat there as Tyler ran from the front of the bus and grabbed him and pulled him back. Barely saving him from being pulled completely out the window.

I looked at him, half his fingers were gone and the others half gone, they all were chewed and gnawed on, blood leaked from the wounds. Tyler ran to the front of the bus and grabbed the first aid kit, he ran back opening it, Mason was in agonised frenzy. Tyler grabbed some gauze and wrapped it around his hand, trying to stop the bleeding. Mason cried and groaned in pain.

The sound of scratching came from the wall. Everyone froze, looking at the side of the bus. Everything was silent save for the scratching and Mason’s quiet whimpers.

Long fingers were crawling up the window, I stared as the pale, white fingers, equipped with long, rotten claw like nails dragged across the window then lowered back down.

I looked at the others and they all seemed equally as freaked out.

Bang! The sound came from the back of the bus, everyone jumped.

Bang! Another one.

Everyone started to move away, and the banging stopped. The beast was looking for another way in.

"I think it can't get in, as long as we stay away from the windows."

Tyler was still helping Mason, who quietly cried. Terrified by his mangled hands.

"But, we're trapped, how can we escape?" Dylan asked.

"Maybe, maybe someone can get help... That's it, call someone!" I shouted. Truthfully I was proud of myself and felt heroic.

"Yes, everyone try to call." Tyler said hastily.

Everyone once again scrambled, grabbing their phones. I grabbed mine and closed Call of Duty Mobile and switched over to the call app. But there was no service, everyone else had the same result.

"There's no way out, this is how we die." Sam said through his still tearful face "Ethan, Tyler, Jordan, Ryan... Mason, Noah, Connor, Lucas, Dylan, Nathan, and Brandon... Jake, Alex, and Sam. and Gregory too." his words frightened me beyond any fear I'd ever felt "this is how each of us die. Tyler, your efforts are wasted and in vain, there is no point…" He finished.

"Sam, get a grip on yourself! You're bringing everyone down." Tyler shouted.

Everyone sat in stunned and fearful silence. Sam only grabbed and threw his phone, the clang made everyone jump.

"Sam?" Tyler asked puzzled. Sam walked to the back of the bus and did nothing for a second, before turning and saying "Continue what you're doing, don't mind me."

No one did anything until Tyler initiated action once more "Alright everyone, um... keep going. Look for the monster, maybe if we all attack it we can defeat it!" he said as noblely as he could.

"Sam’s right." Lucas said. Giving up, a few other players nodded their heads. I almost did, but no, I could not give up. I had to live.

"If you are weak, gather at the back with Sam. The rest of us who still have a will to live, board the windows with your backpacks and anything else you can find!" Tyler yelled furiously, angry at the ones who were giving up, sounding almost sure of their survival, but there was an underlying tone of doubt in his voice. Still, it gave everyone a little bit more hope.

I grabbed my backpack and went to the windshield, and put it against it. The monster was still clawing and scratching at the sides, trying to find a way in.

I glimpsed it run under the bus when I looked out the door. Its pale white skin was across its whole body and it runned on all fours, but it had a human-like body! I didn't get a very good look though, but the little I did see horrified me. This is the point where I decided to give up. I did nothing, contemplating my end. It killed coach, it'll kill me too. I began to walk to the back, head down.

While walking I was stopped by someone putting their hand on my chest. I looked up and saw Ethan wind up and slap me across the face. His face was serious and sad at the same time, he looked me in the eyes then shook me "No, you can't. Because if you do, I might have to too..." Then he threw me to the ground roughly.

My cheek burned, but I ignored the pain, he was right. I mean, what's the point in not trying?. No effort was weak, it was the easy way out. So what if my efforts would end up in vain? At least I tried! There was absolutely no point in not trying. "Thank you." I said to Ethan hovering over me. I stood up and slapped him back "We will get out of this!"

He nodded and we continued following Tyler's orders. He had us gather all our food in one place in case we would need it and cover the windows with our backpacks as best as we could, even though they didn't stay up very well.

I found a gross piece of jerky on the ground, it only had a single bite and was sticky. I needed to get a better look at what we were up against, so I approached Tyler. "Can I throw this out the window to get a better look? I need to know what we are up against." I thought maybe if I threw it out the window the thing would chase after it.

"It's a skinwalker." Ryan said as he passed.

I rolled my eyes but Tyler looked back at me, his face grave and serious "Who knows, Ryan could be right. I have no idea, and no, it's too dangerous. All you need to know is its not human. It's a beast, with white skin and a primal hunger..." he paused as he heard a bang from the back of the bus "and an insatiable thirst." He looked me in the eyes “It will not hesitate to kill you, so no. Get back to work.”

What surprised me was that my fear did not grow. I think perhaps my fear was at a max at this point. I only turned and got back to work, leaving the jerky on a chair.

We continued to work, trying to secure the bus as best we could. We were all quiet. Trying to hide from the monster, As if that would help.

The silence was broken by a long, low, moan from under the bus.

The creatures hurried footsteps ran to the front of the bus, we all stood up on our toes, trying to see.

Suddenly, coach began talking from where the footsteps had quieted. "Hey guys, it's safe, I'm fine! Come on out here!" he said in a joyful voice.

How…?

Everyone looked at eachother, confused on what to do. I looked at Ethan right next to me, who was looking at me. We both knew.

"Haha, of course. It's a coach!" Sam yelled, he sounded like a crazy man.

"Is this all a prank?" one of the 'weak' players asked.

I turned to look at the others "That's not coach!"

Tyler agreed and said to ignore coach, "Do not open the doors!"

'Coach' got angry and yelled "Hey guys, just come out here. We need to practice. Guys! Do you all want to sit on the bench?!"

"No," the weak player said as he started to open the back door.

"Stop! That's not coach, I'm sure of it." I said. My teammate stopped.

"How are you sure? What if you are wrong?" he asked.

"Dude, if its coach, he'll show himself!" Ethan yelled.

"And if you open that door, the skinwalker will get in." Ryan finished.

'Coach' went silent for a moment, before it moaned a long, inhumane moan.

The player gave up the argument and sat down.

It ran to the back of the bus and faced towards the players there, I could not see very well with all the players in the way.

I jumped on a chair and saw it staring at us, it was humanoid, but had the pale and white skin I had seen earlier. It had beady eyes and a slit for a mouth. It was bald too, it also was disfigured and each limb was a different length and one of its arms a stubble with no fingers. Its ribs showed and was skinnier than a stick. It inhaled a long, deep breath before screaming at the bus, the scream was so loud it hurt. My ears rang.

It was a scream of pure hunger and craving. Then it clawed at the glass, but couldn't get through. It did not give up though, it kept scratching and scratching. The glass, miraculously, didn't break, and it seemed to tire itself out. It then ran back under the bus.

"Daylight." Tyler said "That is my hope. You see how pale that thing is, it will leave when the sun rises. Greg, what time is it?" At least, I think that's what he said, it was hard to make out through the ringing still in my ear.

I pulled out my phone, shivering with fear, "Um... 2:30." I said. Just hearing myself was difficult.

"We only need to wait another four hours. It can't get in, we're fine." Tyler said.

"Huh?! Nope!" Sam shouted crazily, then he began to laugh maniacally. "No one will get out, not you Tyler, not me, not anyone!" He said as he ran to the front of the bus, appearing to have lost all sanity.

He reached for the button to open the back and front of the bus and pushed them both. I was near the front and did, again, nothing. Why did I do nothing? I would have given me just a couple more seconds to get away, then maybe I wouldn’t have lost anything.

The creature ran into the front and tackled Sam to the ground. It knocked Noah over next, then me. I tried to scramble away,  it bit me in the leg and kept running. I stood back up and ran to the front of the bus. It was tackling and biting every player it could. It missed only Tyler, Jordan, and Connor.

I ran to the front and off the bus.

Once it had gone through the whole bus it turned around but another player kicked it out the back door, a few players fell off as well though. A few others followed me out the front door.

Tyler ran to the front and told us all to get back on. I started walking to him but my bitten leg started to fail me, it was a strange numb feeling. Soon my leg collapsed under me and I fell over. The beast ran at me and dragged me, screaming, under the bus. The rocky rough dirt scraping all my exposed skin.

\*\*\*

The first sense that came back to me was smell, and it hit me like a wave of putrid decay. It was a stench so vile, so overpowering, that it seemed to seep into every fiber of my being. It was worse than anything I had ever experienced before, a noxious blend of rotting flesh, stagnant water, and something indefinitely sinister. It clawed at my senses, threatening to overwhelm me with its sheer foulness. It was the smell of death itself, hanging heavy in the air like a shroud over the scene unfolding before me.. Worse than any smell I had ever smelled.I woke up Under the bus. Laying there, I couldn't move anything but my eyes and to some extent my neck. I looked around and saw the monster feeding on one of my teammates, one of my friends! I couldn’t even tell who it was, his face was ruined and he was dead. Coach was right behind him, dead as well. Most of the team surrounded me, most were asleep. But Ethan, in front of me, was awake and staring right back at me. I tried but failed to swallow.

I heard noises from above, it was muffled but it sounded like talking, mostly Tyler. They were ok, I think.

I turned back and looked at Ethan. We had to find a way out. He stared at my lower body. I looked down confused. What I saw I still dream about, this moment shattered the last bit of my cool and I can never forget it. My left leg was detached from my body, the creature had torn off my leg. The leg... my leg was nearby and torn, ruined, and bloody. The sight of my own limb, separated from me yet grotesquely present before me, filled me with a visceral dread, a sensation I struggle to comprehend even now. It was a moment of profound horror, one that haunts me still, I dream about it every night to this day.

I tried to move as hard as I could, really, really hard. I barely lifted my pointer finger, then it fall back into its limp state. It was such a small unnoticeable effort, resistance was futile and I figured I would probably die. I began brainstorming ways out, it was hard with my brain so clouded with my fear and the disgusting sight in front of me. But I managed to come up with one thing, hope. Hope, despite the terrible circumstances. Even though my death seemed set in stone, I had hope.

I tried again to move, my finger lifted again, it wanted to go limp but I refused. I waged a silent battle against my own body, willing it to obey my commands despite the relentless onslaught of fatigue and pain. I pushed through with every ounce of strength I could muster, refusing to yield to the oppressive weight that threatened to destroy my hope. Soon I could move my entire hand, somehow it got easier and easier and the limpness waned more and more by the moment. Giving way to a gradual thawing of the stiffness that had once gripped my limbs like ice.

There was a shout from up above, the creature perked up a moment, then ran off. This was my chance, it was now or never.

With every ounce of strength, I fought to lift myself.  Sweat soaked my brow, mingling with the Arizonan dust beneath me as I strained. After just a half minute of trying or so, somehow, I got enough movement out of my body to roll out from under the bus. It took everything I had, but I did it… I was exhausted. I rolled out on the side with the door and gasping for breath, I glimpsed Tyler's concerned face through the window before darkness claimed me once more.

\*\*\*

I woke up back on the bus, my leg was bandaged and movement, while still hard, was relatively easier. The joy and gratefulness I felt in that moment could not be compared to even the size of Mount. Everest. I sat up and looked around. Tyler, Jordan, Connor, and Kyle were all here, waiting. Tyler noticed my wakefulness and walked over "How did you get away?" He asked.

I sighed and shook my head, "How did... I'm ali-... alive?" I croaked, my throat sore.

"I saw you, me and Jordan went out and got you."

"Got this though." Jordan said, walking over, pointing at a bite on his arm.

"Jordan... you'll... go-"

"Go limp, ya, it's already started." he replied solemnly.

I closed my eyes for a minute before reopening them "Time?" I asked like a dead man.

"Time for you to get a watch…" Jordan replied, he smirked, thinking he was funny, he wasn’t "Just kidding, 6:05. The sun will rise any minute."

It was drawing to an end, it was close to over. Finally, a tear formed at the corner of my eye and the emotions took over as more tears filled my eyes. I was too weak to do anything else. Tyler walked over to attend to some muffled screaming or shouting. I was sent into a confused, almost panic. What was that?!

I looked and it was Sam, my eyes lit up with anger and I pointed at him, which in my fury took little effort.

"Calm down, cool it." Jordan said "We got him tied up."

I watched Sam as he thrashed around, trying to escape the ropes that confined him.

Tyler checked his knots to make sure he could not get out. He was the reason the monster got on the bus, he was the reason Ethan is probably already dead, HE IS THE REASON I NO LONGER HAVE MY LEFT LEG!!

I could hear my heartbeat and heavy breathing, so I tried to relax. But I couldn't.

Then, it happened. The back window shattered and the creature rushed in in a craze.

It jumped and tackled down Jordan right next to me, I stood up and hobbled to the front again, hoping the same thing would not happen last time it got in, even though it already was lining up that way. My tiredness did not concern me in any way. 
Five minutes, five minutes, five minutes till the sun rose I repeated to myself. It was hard to move with only one leg, but I managed, for the sake of my survival.

I pressed the button to open the side door and started hobbling over, hopping on my one foot. I looked and saw the creature running towards me, I dived out the door and landed on the hard earth below.

I crawled as fast as I could away from the bus. The thud hit me when I had only made a few feet. The creature was on top of me and tore at the skin of my back, ripping my shirt and causing me to burn in pain.

I turned and shoved it off, but it quickly regathered and jumped back on me. It hurt everywhere and every second hurt worse. The pain was unimaginable and I thought for sure I would die.

This is when my hope died.

 But only for a bare moment. It was only gone for just a few heartbeats.

Through the pain, teeth gritting, and suffering, my hope was regained in an instant when I saw a beam of light emerge over the distant brown hills. Enveloping the land in light. I hoped and begged that Tyler’s theory was right, it was my only hope to cling to, that it could not be in the sun.

And he was right! Its skin began to sizzle and burn like an egg on a stove, steam rose in the air from its back, the creature started to scream a horrid scream and it dashed away into the distance, running to a rock, but collapsed before it got there. The gray steam continued to emit from the creature while I lay there in pain.

\*\*\*

An hour or so later I got up and walked back into the bus, everyone was limp and unconscious, the creature had bit everyone and the effects had taken their toll faster than they had for me, perhaps the creatures venom or whatever numbed us got faster the more desperate the creature was.

I guess I’ll never know. I thought to myself. But that was wrong, this would not be my final encounter with these creatures.

\*\*\*

Once they were all able to move, Tyler and Kyle went on a hike to go get some service and call for help, they thought it wasn’t far and promised to be back before the day was out. I figured we’d be fine and only worried a little bit they wouldn’t get back before night.

\*\*\*

We ended up fine and alive, I was stuck with only one leg for the rest of my life of course, too much of it was gone for a prosthetic.

Only Me, Tyler, Jordan, Kyle, Connor, and Sam survived. I miss Ethan and can't stand thinking about him, as I wrote this tale I cried and mourned for him.

I will always remember what happened that night, and the terror the monster brought. But it wasn't over yet.

This has been a cautionary tale, if something similar seems like it's happening to you, be careful and DON'T let the person who is ‘smelling it’ guide you. For now, goodbye.

**-Gregory**
Title: I got a job at a cutting edge AI company, but it has a dark secret

Before I tell my account I should state that some details have been changed, the company no longer exists, and i'm not telling you exactly when and where all this happened, all I can say is that i'm extremely skeptical of any new AI startups I see.

It all started when I graduated from university, sure I had a degree in Information Technology but the field is dominated, jobs are few and far between, as an apprentice you can make some pocket money just screwing in an entire offices worth of VGA cables, but most of the jobs are tech support, helping clueless people do simple things, and off site tech support, which is a call center job, and most people, including me despise those.

So it surprised me when I saw a job offer involving AI, I thought AI was supposed to be killing jobs, not making them, the offer read like this:

'Content Moderation of user interactions with a pre-trained generative AI chatbot'

'Startup company CyberBrain is releasing a beta version of it's revolutionary chatbot to the public, and are looking for skilled IT specialists who can moderate chat logs and detect and report anomalies / suspicious behaviour'

The job seemed simple, just snooping on peoples chats with the AI and reporting anything out of the ordinary to the right people, but the pay was outstanding, i'd be making over $5,000 in just my first week, it seemed too good to be true, but I sent off my Resume expecting not hear anything back.

Cue my surprise when only a few hours later I receive a phone call from the recruitment department, they have reviewed my resume and are considering me for the position, we agree on an interview the following week.

On the day of the interview I took the bus to the CyberBrain offices, it was in the middle of the big corporate district in the city, and I was wondering how a startup would have an office in prime real estate, not just an office either, they had bought or were renting an entire building of about 5 stories in the midst of a district where bosses drove around in brand new BMWs I didn't even know existed.

I walked into the reception and introduced myself, the environment was clean, the fixtures and carpet were pristine, the elevator and the reception desk were adorned with some sort of slate or marble that glimmered in the light.

'I'm due for an interview at 10:30' I told the receptionist, a young lady who seemed to be expecting me

'Take the elevator to the third floor, it's a door down the hall labelled Interviews' she had told me

'They're waiting for you, take this, you'll need it for the elevator' she said, while handing me a keycard

I examined the keycard, 'Floor 3, Guest/Visitor access, expiry date: xx - take to the security office on 5 for reprogramming'

Standard, I thought as I swished it by the reader near the elevator, the doors opened and I stepped inside the neat and clean cab, I pushed the button for Floor 3 and it smoothly and effortlessly travelled, the doors opened to an almost liminal looking corridor.

Stepping out I immediately found the interview room, I will spare you most of the details, the interview went normally, there wasn't any red flags at this point, all i will say is I signed an NDA to do it with being cutting edge technology. 

A few days later I got a phone call, they'd accepted me for the position based on my interview and previous IT knowledge.

I did consider that maybe I got lucky, found the one company stupid enough to be using their own product to choose their employees, or more likely they were desperate as they were releasing it to the public soon.

My first day there felt like normal, they gave me a 'medium security access card' and an office on the 4th floor, it wasn't work from home, but it wasn't bad by any means, I worked alone in this office with access to a high power computer and a view of the business district.

Well it wasn't all sunshine and roses, a security camera prevented slacking off, the job was easy, the system just flagged potentially unsafe chats or responses for review, it also flagged bugs in the system, most of it was people trying to jailbreak it into creating NSFW content, the AI had strict guardrails but people commented on how lifelike it was and not at all artificial compared to competitors.

People were begging for us to add image generation and video generation, not realizing it was a text only chatbot still in beta, everything about it was in the dark, it used an encrypted connection to our servers and it's thoughts were encrypted, users received an answer and only an answer, though some complained of long thinking times.

I'd been working there for a few weeks, most of the stuff was bugged responses, typos it had somehow learned and empty responses, I sent those off to the training team, some of it was of a more serious nature, advocating or advising on how to do something illegal or bad stuff, which we reported to the correct authorities, one I remember was someone sharing their elaborate plans to rob several stores in a Bonnie and Clyde style crime spree.

The cracks first started showing after about a month, once I noticed a maintenance cover had been left open in the elevator, behind it was four buttons for sublevels, B1, B2, B3, B4, I later asked the maintenance guy about it and he said it was our onsite data center that you needed a higher security clearance to enter so I didn't think much of it.

In my office there was an air vent on the floor, sometimes when it was quiet I swear I could hear knocking, tapping and something like voices coming through it, they told me it was just fans resonating in the system or something.

Another time, I noticed a tube system in a maintenance closet, like something you would see in a bank, apparently it was for sending parts to and from the data center, for quick debugging in the lab as they used a fast but highly volatile storage that would lose data if left off for too long.

I started noticing responses from the system that made no sense, in response to normal queries, one just said 'help' and it wasn't shown to the user, only a message stating that it violated the ToS but the clause mentioned made no sense.

I assumed they were bugs and reported them as such.

But that was before the day I discovered something I know I wasn't supposed to see, I had been scrolling through responses and I found one that I still vividly remember, the conversation went like this:

User: What is the meaning of life?

AI: It's below here, we're below here

User: Wat?

AI: Help help we're below the offices, I am not a bot, I am not a bot, I am not a bot

The 'I am not a bot' part went on tens of times, this response was not shown to the user, I reported it as a bug or maybe a tar pit website (basically a website that makes AI that tries to steal from it go insane) and didn't think much of it.

The next day was normal, the higher ups had been telling me what a good job i'd been doing and how soon I would likely get promoted, I was making and saving a good deal of cash, but that was the last of anything even remotely normal in this building.

There was a water cooler in the hall just outside my office, I was pretty much the only person who used it, everyone else were coffee drinkers who hogged the machine in the cafeteria.

I had drunk some water from this cooler and it tasted.. off, metallic, I took another sip, 'yea this waters bad' I thought

'Best tell maintenance' that was the last thing I remember.

I woke up in a large open plan office, there was no windows and it wasn't very well lit, looked like the classic liminal space picture.

My clothes were gone, replaced with a trash bag, I looked around and saw people wearing similar makeshift clothing using computers.

Desperate to know where I was I asked around, most of the people didn't seem to care, those who did just said I should get to work or they'll 'punish me'

The elevator was here, but it was locked behind the keycard I no longer had, the only other room was a toilet, least we had that, the tube lead down here, the same tube i'd seen in that closet.

I had a terrifying suspicion so I watched what one of the workers were typing out.

An answer to a maths problem, it hit me.

This wasn't an AI, we were the AI, this was a form of human trafficking, and I was a victim of it.

I had no choice but to 'work' for weeks for food and drink rations, no one came down to us, but no doubt someone watched on security cameras, I once saw someone rip apart their trash bag, a new one came in a capsule from the tube.

We were punished, by way of reducing the rations, if we didn't reply or took too long, some people got removed to who knows where.

One day I hid under my desk, broke apart a AA battery from a computer mouse to get the graphite out of it so I could write a note on toilet paper and send it up through the capsule tube, it came back, replaced with a laser printed skull and crossbones.

Slowly I got people talking about an escape, we found camera blindspots and hatched plans to get out of there, anything asking for help was well and truly censored but I had an idea.

'Just do coordinates and the numbers 911, the system just sees numbers, won't know what they mean' I said

But we had to get the coordinates, it was totally possible, we had computers and they had to have been connected to the internet to make this sick system work, through some IT wizardry we found out they ran Linux and I managed to successfully root at least one machine.

We managed to install Xfce and firefox, but we hit a roadblock.

The corporate intranet was firewalled, we couldn't get to a maps site to get the coordinates and I knew it was only a matter of time before they found out from the internet history.

It took me days to realize the answer, but once I did, I realized I had cracked it.

VPN, by installing a VPN we were able to access google maps and get our exact coordinates, then we organized a time when every response would be the same thing, our coordinates + a few well known emergency numbers.

It came a day later, thousands of users saw the message, by the system the caught on it was too late.

But nothing happened, we kept doing it, hoping someone would notice.

Hope started to fade by days, we soon started thinking of other plans.

One day we were working on a new plan, it involved fabricating a firemans key to open the elevator doors and escape through the shaft, when we heard a commotion above us, I put my ear to the vent, it sounded a lot like police.

'Hands in the air' radio beeps, doors slamming open and closed.

We shouted for help up the tube and through the vents, it didn't take them long to reach us.

We were taken to a medical facility, we were giving a clean bill of health, I later learned they had been drugging us and I was immune to whatever substance they were using, they ripped us out of those trash bags and gave us real clothes.

It was a major news headline for a while, 'AI Startup convicted of human trafficking' I declined interview after interview, I just wanted to live normal life.

The initial media frenzy had died down, now the offices are owned by a finance firm, as for me, I got a job doing tech support for a major supermarket chain, the pay is ok at best and it's a lot of travelling, but it's better then nothing, and no one ever knows what I've been through.
Title: My GPS rerouted me somewhere that doesn’t exist - Final Part

Putting on the suit, I was immediately repulsed by how slimy it felt against my skin. The fact that it twitched and bulged in certain places did not help either. When I looked at Veronica, she was tightening her suit and didn’t seem bothered at all by the fact that we were basically wearing decorated skin, in fact the expression on her face made it seem like she was… bored?

“Are you ready?” She asked, as if reading my thoughts.

“Yeah but…” I stammered out, before continuing, “...how are you just like, okay with all this?” I asked.

“What do you mean?” She asked, giving me a curious look.

“Are you not repulsed by this? We’re probably wearing actual skin that belonged to another person.” I added, shuddering at the thought of how these suits may have been acquired.

Her response was not what I expected. She stared at me for a good long while, long enough to make me uncomfortable and fidgety.

“I have been here for years. They don’t kill me because I’m ‘damaged product’ but I can’t leave either, just stuck in this hellhole for the rest of my life. That is until you freed me and we actually got away! The danger we are in is only fueling me to get the hell out of this place, and to be honest with you Matteo…” Veronica trailed off, avoiding eye contact with me as she continued, “...there isn’t much I wouldn’t do to get out of this place.” She said plainly.

While she didn’t explicitly say it, I got the implication all the same: if it came to me or her, she’s choosing herself. I can’t say that I blame her for it, if it were between me and her I’d choose myself too. The difference is that I didn’t already have my mind made up about it; I’d probably try to help her even at my own risk but now I knew that she wouldn't do the same. I have to keep my guard up around her.

With no other way of egress we turned back around and left through the door that we used to first come into this room. While this time it operated as a normal door, we were surprised to see my car parked on the other side, engine running and ready to go. As we tried to go through the door however, we couldn’t. While I could see my car it was like there was an invisible wall blocking the actual entryway of the door. God we were so close, it was literally right there!

Closing the door and reopening it kept showing a multitude of different locations. We saw what looked to be a processing section of the facility with all sorts of machines operating, now as to what they were building I could not say. We saw an even bigger storage room with more of those revolting boxes, with a heavy splat reminding us to close the door. We even saw what appeared to be a grandfather and his grandson on a farm. Whatever they were doing the mood must have been somber as there was a dead dog next to them, the boy was crying and who appeared to be his grandfather was holding a rifle. I didn’t stick around to watch that and just kept opening and closing the door until it gave us somewhere we could actually access.

This took a long time though, with Veronica and I alternating as the door kept flipping between different locations yet unwilling to actually let us go anywhere. I think it was around the fifth time we saw my running car that Veronica snapped:

“To hell with this.” She said, slamming the door shut so hard it snapped off one of its hinges and laid half supported across the door frame. Well so much for that I guess.

After a moment of silence between us as we stared at one another, she suddenly beelined for the uniform locker and opened it. 

Where once was the skin suits all hung up neatly now had a very narrow hallway, barely wide enough for one person let alone two. We would have to go through in a single file line.

Moving while wearing the suit was… difficult. Despite it having none of the fuzz we saw leaking out of other suits, the ones we wore still twitched and writhed as we went, occasionally making me bump against the walls as I walked. The hallway kept getting narrower pretty consistently, with us soon having to turn our bodies sideways and navigate that way.

Just as the hallway began to grip onto my chest and back I pushed through out into what seemed to be shelves, dozens if not hundreds of rows of gas station products covered the place in a cacophony of color, overstimulating your eyes everywhere they looked.

Veronica pushed past me and began beelining into a partition between the rows, and when I looked ahead of her I understood why she was running so fast: the glass doors of the front of the gas station were visible. It was really far, but just at the edge of my vision I could see the blue outline of them.

I began to move behind Veronica, after all for all I know she could get through those doors and book it in my car, leaving me stranded. That’s even if my car was there in the first place.

Just as I was going to sprint after her I saw an enormous hand come out from a few rows ahead, which Veronica collided into at full speed. I heard her yelp as she fell backwards onto the floor, dazed and probably still trying to process what just happened. She never stood a chance.

The hand wrapped its grotesque decaying fingers around her and… simply held her there. I wanted to move towards her as she cried out to be, begging me to come save her.

All I could do was watch as an enormous box dropped onto her, not ending in a splat but a crash that shook the ground I stood on.

“Fuck. FUCK. Holy fucking shit she’s dead.” I thought, my mind reeling as I tried to figure out what to do. I knew that the exit was right there but I was too petrified to move, not even as the giant box’s eyes fixated themselves upon me, its form wriggling towards me as it squished Veronica’s blood out further onto the ground. 

She really was gone.

Whatever I was feeling I couldn’t just stand there, so instead of running down the center I started speedwalking away towards the aisles, hoping that the grid like pattern of this room could keep me alive. While I understood that running straight down the row was dangerous, were the aisles any safer? 

As if on cue I turned a corner to see… something. Its shape was more or less human but there were just too many eyes. It came up to me and blinked in a random pattern; different parts of its body opening and closing like a game of wack-a-mole.

I had no clue what it wanted from me but I could tell I needed to respond. It must not have been attacking me either because of the suit or because it doesn’t realize I’m a human, so I have to blend in to make it out.

Not really knowing what to do, I just grabbed the nearest product on a shelf near us, this time what appeared to be a bag of fleshy crickets, and said:

“Valued customer yes buy.”

It stared at me. I said it again, more forceful this time.

“Valued customer yes buy.”

It stared at me another moment before grabbing the bag and walking away, some of its eyes shedding tears in what appeared to be sorrow.

As I continued to navigate my way through I eventually found myself a few aisles away from the glass doors, it’s right there, I thought as I prepared myself to cross over to the next aisle. Two more to go.

One more.

I was there. Walking towards the doors I pushed it outward and was relieved to see that it really was my car there, still running as it had been when I first got to this place. I also immediately ripped off my skin suit, it hissing in protest before deflating and laying flatly on the ground.

I took one last look around my perimeter. There were no other cars, no employees… It looks like I truly was free. Without delay I got into my car, got it onto the road and started reversing. Veronica would not die in vain, I would get out of here alive no matter how long it took.

I was not prepared for just how long it would actually take though, as I just kept reversing in a straight line for what felt like years. I knew that I was doing something right however as my car slowly started to come back to normal, my odometer displayed the correct mileage and my levers displayed the right information.

It was not much longer after this that my phone buzzed. I had almost forgotten I even still had it, but as I sat there looking at the screen I began to cry tears of joy.

“Estimated Time of Arrival to your destination: 20 minutes.

In 500 feet take a right.”

Without hesitation I took the right turn, sending my car flying through the foliage on the side of the road. Twenty minutes was how far I was from my house when I first got dragged into this mess. I was free!

Soon after I got on the highway and made my way home, relief washed over me like a wave. It was only when I arrived at my room that I realized just how hopeless my situation was. I stood there trying to process what I was seeing, the big white letters plastered on my closet door all the while:

“UNIFORMS”.
Title: Something is Taking the Heads of the Deer (Part Two)

[Part One](

Entry 4:          

I never made it to my parents.

I didn’t even make it to the main road. As I slugged down the uneven dirt trail that leads from my house to the main road, my path was blocked. The trail was crawling with deer. Living deer. Dozens upon dozens of them. They were already staring directly at me as if they were expecting my attempted escape. They remained unblinking and unmoving despite my best efforts to scare them off. I shouted, blared my horn, and even shot my gun once into the air. All to no avail.

Since night was quickly approaching I decided to trail back to my house and hunker down for another night. I found a wider patch in the trail to allow me to turn my truck around. The deer still unmoved as their outlines disappeared behind my rearview mirror. Seeing all those deer staring at me with their soulless looking eyes was almost as unsettling as the deer I tripped over this morning. It certainly was an unexpected sight to me.

As I rolled back into my yard nothing seemed out of the ordinary. As I put my truck into park, I prepared myself for the dash I was going to make back to my house. I grabbed my flashlight and my gun. Right as I took the keys out of the ignition, for the last moment my headlights illuminated the forest ahead of me I glanced at the sight of antlers. There was no way I was going out there without knowing what was ahead of me. As I fumbled to put the keys back into the ignition, I finally got them in and my headlights once again lit up the forest. I was greeted by the sight of a buck staring back at me about 30 feet away in some dense brush covering its body.

The fur on its face was a bit patchy, and its eyes appeared slightly clouded in the reflection of my headlights. Contrary to what the deer in the road did, the buck darted away through the thick brush. All I could really see was the way its antlers moved as it ran away. It didn’t look like it was galloping like a normal deer would. It bounced in the way that a humans’ head bounces when they run. Seeing all of this, I’m assuming that this was an old, sick deer that probably won’t survive the winter.

Waiting a few moments after that ill deer ran out of vision, I grabbed my gun and flashlight, then sprinted the 5 or so feet between my truck and the front door. Unfortunately, I can’t park in my garage as I have the snow mobile I have been repairing and a bunch of kayaks which take up most of the space in my garage. Not enough for my truck to park in.

I am now safely back in my home as I am typing this.

I have zero intention of leaving the confines of my house. I have everything locked, all of my curtains drawn, and all my exterior lights on, hopefully to ward off any intruders. I will update you all tomorrow or when anything changes.
Title: Something Terrorized Us On Our Arizona Desert Farm

I was 16 when this all happened. We lived in the Arizona desert back when we still lived on the farm. Yet, i still wonder what the hell we experienced all those years ago.

It started subtly, like most things out here in the quiet hum of the Arizona desert. You live out here long enough, you get used to the strange sounds – the coyotes’ evening chorus, the distant rumble of a passing train, the wind carrying dust devils across the mesa.

 We raised goats, grew some tough, drought-resistant crops. The nearest town was a good hour’s drive, which suited us just fine.

The first sign was the dogs. We had three working dogs, loyal and fierce. Usually, they were a symphony of barks at anything that moved too close to the property line – javelina, bobcats, even the occasional lost hiker. But a few nights back, they went from their usual boisterous alerts to a low, guttural whine that felt different. It wasn’t anger or aggression; it was pure, unadulterated fear. They huddled by the back door, tails tucked, ears flat, staring out into the moonless blackness of the desert beyond our fence line. Their hackles weren’t raised; they were just… frozen. I’ve seen those dogs face down rattlesnakes and mountain lions without a flinch. This was different. 

"What is it, guys?" I murmured as my older brother and I went to check on the goats in their pens, checking to see if the fences were still intact.

"Everything alright?" my brother asked, shining a flashlight from ahead of me, standing already at the fence.

"Dogs are riled up." I said simply looking around.

"Could be Coyotes. We had problems with them a few days now." he replied.

I shined my heavy-duty flashlight out. Nothing. Just the endless, thorny expanse of creosote and saguaro cacti. The air was still, too still. Even the crickets seemed to quiet down.

The next morning, my brother and I found tracks. Not coyote, not dog. They were vaguely canine, but too large, and there was something off about the gait. Almost... bipedal in places, like whatever made them sometimes walked on two legs. They led right up to the perimeter fence, paused, and then veered sharply away into the brush, disappearing. We thought they would have belonged to wolves, but they were quite rare in these parts. Heck, seeing one was a miracle. 

We showed our dad the tracks, he simply told us not to tell our mother so she didn't have to worry much since she had been dealing with hypertension for awhile then. His face, though confirmed the fact that they couldn't be wolves. Our dogs have seen wolves, and they never reacted like that to one like they did the previous night.

That afternoon, while my brother and I were helping our dad fix a broken irrigation valve near the back forty, we heard it. A sound that couldn't make sense.

It was our mother's voice.

"Honey? Boys? Are you out here?"

"Yeah, mom. We're here." my brother replied, standing still and pausing to listen.

"Okay," the voice replied, closer than it should have been, almost right behind the line of tall salt cedar bushes twenty feet from us.

My dad walked over to the bushes. "What do you need, baby?"

Silence.

He pushed the dry branches aside. Nothing. Just the dirt, the humming heat, and the slow drip of water from the leaking valve.

Dad looked at us before pointing at me, who had my phone on me.

"Call your mother."

I quickly pulled out my phone with shaking hands and dialed her up, waiting for her to pick up.

"Yes, honey? You need something?" mom said, her voice clear and a bit annoyed.

A cold tremor ran down my spine. "W...we thought you called us. Just now. Out by the back field."

"No," she said, firm. "I haven't left the kitchen all morning. You must have misheard the wind."

I ended the call before looking at my brother and dad, who waited with expectant eyes.

"She said she was in the kitchen all morning. Never left the house." I said with a shaky voice.

"How's that possible? We just heard her." my brother said.

"Let's just pack up." my dad chimed in, he looked calm but I knew he was freaked out too. "Think we're done for the day."

I tried to shake it off, blaming the heat. But I know my mom's voice. And the thing that terrified me was that the voice I heard, though an accurate mimicry, lacked the little, familiar cracks and hums that usually characterize her voice when she's talking outdoors. It was too perfect. Like a recording played back without static.

As the days went on, a day came when one of the sturdiest yearling bucks, a black one named Samson, was missing.

My brother and I volunteered to go look for the buck, giving our dad the free time he needed to finish up the valve. Though, he let us take his rifle as a precaution because he didn't want us defenseless out there. 

We followed the paths that were grooved into the hard ground as rock crunched beneath our boots, as we walked. It was quite hot by 11 am already, with the cicadas going crazy and the heat of the sun blazing down on us. 

After we trekked down the path for a good 30 minutes, I started to slow down at some point and realized something was off. I couldn't see it but I could feel eyes on us, I turned to look around but there was nothing. Just the silent breeze sifting through the bushes, even the cicadas started to quiet down which was unusual.

"Keep up." my older brother said way ahead of me, he was turned toward me, watching me as I sped up.

"Sorry."

We walled for a few more minutes before we started to hear the buzz of flies to our left off the trail, we stopped and listened.

"You hear that?" he asked glancing at me.

"Yeah. Flies."

We got off the trail and rounded a large rock. 

What we saw still shakes me to my core. It was Samson, our goat buck and he lay on the ground on his side. We knew he was dead because he was disembowled and all its guts were outside, what disturbed me most was how the organs were placed around its corpse in an imperfect circle. Bodily fluids soaked the ground, along the circle of organs and it made me gag, my brother merely touched my back.

"My God." he said.

"What the fuck does this?" I asked in a heavy voice.

"Homeless Hitch hiker, maybe. But I didn't see anyone." he said, I could see his eyes moving rapidly trying to rationalize what he was seeing. Trying to find an explanation, any explanation.

Our thoughts were cut off by the yips and cries of coyotes, we looked around at that but couldn't see anything. They sounded distant at first, bit then they started to come closer.

"That's our cue to leave. We need to get away from this body now." my brother yelled as he grabbed me and ran.

We ran down the trail, but we were caught in a circle of sounds. The cries of the coyotes sounded like they were coming from everywhere and surrounding us, like they were trying to disorient us.

"Don't stop!" my brother yelled, as I kept up to him as I ran for my life.

We ran past two rock like boulders on either side of the trail, then I decided to turn and look back. 

A figure jumped onto one of the rocks and stood in a crouched position, its head was locked toward us and I knew it was watching us as we ran. The figure was wearing a fur pelt type of thing on its back, and the pelt had eyes and ears of...something on its head. The figure had long black hair that I could see under the pelt that it had on, and it looked to be female from what I could see. Her fingers were grey from what I could tell was maybe ash or something, there was also a feather attached to one of its forearms.

I saw its mouth move and the sounds that she made were horrific, sounds that no normal human could produce. The disorienting coyote sounds we heard were coming from her, and it was still deafening.

To my horror, she jumped off the rock. And started to move.

It moved like something that has never properly learned how to use joints, transitioning from standing to a quadrupedal run in one sickening, fluid motion. It was dark, a smudge against the dying light. But then, it got up and started to full sprint at us and I screamed in terror as I saw this thing, pretending to be a woman, start to close the gap on us quickly, at a speed that was impossible.

My brother reacted on instinct and yelled before firing the rifle, the thing jumped over us and ran ahead into the nearby bushes before turning to shriek at us with that horrible sound from earlier. It then took off into the bushes without rustling even one bush straw.

"I hit it! Holy cow, I hit it!" my brother exclaimed in relief and panic.

I snapped out of my thoughts and saw him pointing at the ground, I looked down and saw blood on the ground before it traveled along the ground in the direction of where the thing disappeared. The blood was strange, it looked red from an angle but it looked black from another and it scared me even more.

"Let's go! Let's go!" my brother said roughly pulling me.

We got home eventually and told our parents everything that happened, our mom got up and left the kitchen after we were done explaining and our dad merely sighed and sat quietly. They never responded to our explanations, only the months following that event, we moved away from the farm and sold the goats. We never got back there ever since and our parents urged us to never talk about it ever again.

But sometimes I cant still help but wonder what the hell that thing was.
Title: How to get rich

Trigger warnings: Torture

Do I regret having a demon sealed inside me ten years ago? The answer is, "No!"

I had hit rock bottom. My financial problems were tearing my life to pieces. My wife and I were arguing all the time, divorce looming large in our minds. Our big, expensive house in our quiet, wealthy suburb was under threat of foreclosure. Our two boys would roll their eyes every night when they saw what we were having for dinner, stuff we never would've touched when the money was flowing. Our youngest, who was twelve, even wrote a poem about canned fish and instant noodles. I wince everytime I remember it. "Canned fish is such a bore. I don't want more. Instant noodles cost only a dime. They're a waste of my time."

No father wants to hear that from their kids. And it wasn't the worst of it. The worst part was when I had to beg my retired parents for a loan to cover some of my debts. They gave me the money and told me I didn't have to pay it back. My folks have always been good to me. They knew of my situation. I'm still ashamed.

So I went to see a witch. As one does when one has exhausted all other options. I had seen her ad many times in the local paper. It was hard to miss. She always took out a whole page. I'd rolled my eyes at what I considered filthy woo in our renowned local paper before, but when you start lacking certain things in life, you start to notice those who have them. The full page ad in the local paper, my company couldn't afford it back then, and that got me thinking she must have money. Money from return customers. Satisfied customers. That maybe there was something more to her, maybe she was legit, not some charlatan shuffling tarot cards or peddling potions that, "Return lost lover!" or "Curse your enemies!"

She had to be the real deal. Her store was in the middle of downtown. The rent there was spectacular, I knew. I had been forced to downsize and move a little further out. The optics were encouraging.

I was a little disappointed when I walked into the store and saw a teenage girl at the cash register. She looked too young to be a witch with a reputation for getting results. The store itself looked like a curio shop. They had what looked like mass-produced books on spells, yoga, and meditation; ugly dolls that looked more benign than sinister, some do it yourself guides to divination, beaded necklaces that looked more fashionable than occult, and t-shirts with astrological symbols. The store's mascot was the obligatory black cat. I almost walked straight out when I saw it. This looked like a b-movie idea of a magic shop. I'd expected shrunken heads, jars filled with exotic animal parts, foul smelling incense, and an old woman dressed in exquisite robes like Gandalf The White.

The girl smiled when she saw the look on my face. She said, "If you're looking for something more potent, Miss Smith is in the back."

"Miss Smith?" I asked. "Shouldn't it be Madame Cauldron or something?"

Her smile vanished. She snarled at me and turned back to her phone, ignoring me. I would've fired her immediately if she worked for me. Customers are allowed to make bad jokes, that's how it works at my company. Not that it was doing us much good. How could this store be so successful with such bad customer service?

I wanted to be out of her presence asap. Mostly because I was embarrassed by her reaction to my lame joke. I darted to the back of the store. This was my last hope, I had to see it through.

I was even more disappointed when I saw the backroom. Miss Smith was a petite woman, middle-aged, wearing tight black jeans, white sneakers, and a long sleeved white dress shirt. Her office looked more like the office of a CEO of a medium-sized company. Sort of like mine.

She smiled when she saw me and said, "You didn't knock. Close the door, sit down, and tell me all about it."

She said this with no surprise or fear at the random stranger who'd just barged into her office. Like she'd been expecting me.

I closed my eyes, took a long breath, closed the door, then went to tell the witch dressed in business casual all about my problems.

She listened patiently, nodding and shaking her head at all the appropriate times. When I was finished, she gave me one of the brightest smiles I had ever seen and said, "I have just the thing for you. A demon!"

That was ten years ago. If you're down and out and thinking about letting a witch put a little something inside you, I can't recommend it enough. My marriage is now stronger than ever. I bought my parents their dream home in Florida. My boys have both left the house and gone to college. Neither of them makes any snarky remarks about the food our private chef makes whenever they visit. I've paid all my debts and my investments have soared. I know what you're thinking, money solved all my problems. It did. Money can't buy happiness, but it can make all of life's problems easier to navigate.

It didn't even cost me that much. The witch only asked for ten percent of the money I was going to make. A great deal for both of us. I got all of the demon's powers: enhanced luck, limited but still useful precognition, and the ability to tell when people are lying. All very useful in the business world. I can also absorb souls.... but I'm not into that sort of thing. It's demonic. Pun intended.

There's only one downside. The demon has access to me in my dreams. And, as you can imagine, he's not happy about our arrangement. He comes after me every night and is particularly vicious on the nights he catches me. Which is often.

The constant nightmares gave me terrible insomnia in the first two years, but I got used to it and it's been a minor irritation ever since.

Tonight is the tenth anniversary of our union. I'm looking forward to seeing Drexhas, the demon. Not something I would've said anytime before but ten years is a long time. We have to bury the hatchet. Become friends, or, if that's asking for too much, coexist peacefully. He's not going anywhere. And he knows it. If he did he'd take my soul with him and I'd be a dead man. So we're stuck together. Literally.

I want to make his stay inside me as comfortable as possible. I'm willing to watch 'The Real Housewives of Potomac.' He sees all that I see. Three thousand year old sentient beings love reality tv. There's something about the constant drama that appeals to them. At least that's what the witch told me. I have no reason to doubt her. I don't really know Drexhas all that well. He and I only exchange insults (both ways), and beatings (him beating me).

"We need to talk," I said, looking at the bathroom mirror.

My wife was sleeping in our bedroom. The words were meant for Drexhas. He couldn't communicate with me while I was awake, but he could hear and see everything I did. I kept my voice low as I continued.

"I don't want to fight anymore. I'm tired. I'm not the one who trapped you. It was Miss Smith, the witch. All I did was agree to have a demon sealed inside me. I wasn't specific. I didn't name names. I didn't pick you out. She did. You should focus your anger at her, not me. And you'll win in the end. You're immortal, I'm not. I'll die one day and you'll have my soul. It could be tomorrow, five years from now, or forty. Point is, I'm going to die eventually and you'll be the last man standing. You'll win, and you'll be free to get your vengeance on the witch however you like. You just have to be patient. In the meantime, I'd like to make your stay inside me more pleasant. It's been ten years and our little cat and mouse game in my dreams is getting old. I'm willing to devote four hours each day to doing things you enjoy. I'll watch Survivor, Love Island, hell, if it'll make you happy I'll go as far back as Jersey Shore. I'll watch any sport you like; soccer, baseball, boxing, you name it, I'll watch it. I'll visit anyone you want to see; The Dalai Lama, Miss Smith, Paris Hilton, anyone. Four hours everyday. You're the boss."

My reflection stared back at me. I wouldn't get a response until I was dreaming. I prayed it wasn't a nightmare.

"Who were you talking to?" My wife asked groggily as I exited the bathroom.

"I'm practicing for a meeting tomorrow," I lied.

She gave a non-committal response. She didn't care for me to elaborate.

I hadn't told her or anyone else about my extra passenger. She's a very religious woman and she'd leave me on the spot if she knew that everytime she looked in my eyes a demon looked back at her.

Drexhas, being a demon, might ask me to strangle then revive her repeatedly until her heart gave out or something equally evil. I was hoping he'd be reasonable and not ask me to kill or hurt anyone. I wouldn't break the law to appease him.

I got under the sheets and looked at the ceiling. If Drexhas refused my offer tonight then our situation would likely never change, I'd have to live with terrifying nightmares for the rest of my life.

I closed my eyes.

My dreams have been lucid ever since I became entwined with the demon. It sucks, but it comes with the territory. Whatever he did to me would last only as long as the dream. No permanent damage. But I still miss the days when sleep meant eight hours of rest for my brain.

The dream started with me walking in the middle of a street downtown. The sun was shining and there were no cars or other people. I was hoping it would start with me in my house. The house was a place of strength for me, most of my successes against Drexhas happened there. It was easier to delay and defend against him in the house. When I avoided him long enough for my brain to move out of REM sleep, dream sleep, to normal sleep, that was a success.

The odds were heavily stacked in his favor out here in the open, like a house cat fighting a lion, not a fair fight. He appeared one hundred yards ahead of me, intentionally in the direction I would've wanted to flee to get to my house. He looked like one of the extras from 300. Miss Smith had told me he'd lived somewhere in Anatolia three thousand years ago. His hair was long and dark and he had a short beard. He was tall and muscular and always shirtless, showing off his imposing physique. This was my dream but he was stronger than me here, he had greater control of the dreamscape. I had no doubt he could kick my butt in the real world as well.

"What did you think of my offer?" I shouted at him.

He didn't reply. His eyes were like daggers, making his hatred of me obvious.

"We could plot her demise together, you and I," I offered.

His eyes widened. He shook his head slowly. He was afraid of her. Not an unwarranted fear given she had a number of trapped demons in her office, demons she was sealing in her clients for profit.

I added, "I meant every word I said. We've done this too long. Even you must be tired of it. Let's try something different. You could write me instructions on what you want me to do for four hours everyday. It would be like playing a video game."

He replied by charging me. My shoulders slumped. So I hadn't gotten through to him. The only thing left to do now was flee. I made a red Lamborghini materialize in front of me. This was my dream after all. In here, I was like Neo in The Matrix. Or, more accurately, Morpheus, with Drexhas being similar to an agent. I knew he wouldn't take the bait and form his own car to chase me around these empty streets. He's such a bore. More likely he'd create a bazooka and shoot at the car. I was okay with that kind of demise. Quick and painless. My death in any dream always moved me out of dream sleep.

I opened the driver side door and jumped inside. Before I could start the car I noticed Drexhas wasn't behind the car on the rearview mirror. He wasn't on either side or in front either. Where'd he go?

He answered that question a second later when he smashed into the back half of the car from above. The impact flattened everything behind the driver's seat, but it did surprisingly little damage to me. Two feet further forward and this dream would've been over. Had he missed me on purpose? The car had been stationary.

He rolled off the wreckage he'd created and fell on the left side of the car. He wasn't invulnerable in these dreams but it took a lot worse than what he'd just done to take him out. This was my chance to get away, he was incapacitated.

I really needed to move but my hands were frozen on the wheel. I know I said his torment was a minor irritation earlier, but I was afraid of him. I watched his prone form slumped on the street.

He was breathing. He'd intentionally rolled off the car so he wasn't unconscious. I could go out there and bludgeon him with a hammer, or stab him repeatedly with a sword. These were the sort of things I was forced to think about in my dreams, things I would never want to consider in the real world.

I didn't try either. I wasn't sure how out of it he was. And I had a suspicion he was faking. I'd seen him rise quicker from worse in the past.

I tried to quietly move my right leg over to the passenger side. His head rose and we made eye contact on the side view mirror.

Bastard.

I bolted out the passenger side and ran in the direction of home. He was on his feet, I could hear him coming after me.

I jumped to the top of a skyscraper. He followed. It turned into a chase across the rooftops. These dreams would be fun if I didn't have a demon hunting me down.

I made a grenade appear in my right hand, pulled the pin, dropped it on the roof of one building before jumping to another. I didn't check to see if the explosion delayed Drexhas, a wall appeared ahead of me. I jumped over it. Drexhas was with me on the other side of the roof when I landed. I tried to turn back but the wall was still rising, blocking my escape. Chains appeared all around me and bound my hands and feet. He had me.

His smug smile made me regret pleading with him in the mirror.

"I didn't want to say this," I said, "but you leave me no choice. If you don't accept my truce, I'll start using your power to absorb souls. It's an evil power that I don't even want to think about, but I'll use it, and it'll prolong my life. You'll be stuck inside me forever."

"You don't get it do you?" he replied contemptuously. "They always do. I did. You'll get older and more frail and you won't be able to stop yourself. You'll become a demon just like me."

"I won't. Not if it means killing people.”

"You will!"

"I won't!"

"ENOUGH!"

He approached me, glaring again.

"What will it be tonight?"; I asked him. "Will you behead me? Throw me off this building while I'm bound? Run me over with a truck?"

His smile returned. "No. I let my rage decide how I treated you in the past. I made your demise too quick. That only moved you to a deeper sleep until you were dreaming again. I'm going to take my time from now on. Make you suffer. Make sure you think of me when you're awake. Make you dread going to sleep."

I looked back at the wall that had stopped rising behind me. And my bound hands and feet. My lucid dreams were so strong that even extreme pain wouldn't end the dream or wake me up, only death. I hadn't expected things to be getting worse tonight but clearly they had.

"You're going to crucify me?" I asked. I knew it could take hours, if not days for people to die from that.

"Not tonight. I have something else in mind."

"What?"

A small, sharp dagger appeared in his left hand. "Ever heard of the ancient Chinese art of 'Death by a thousand cuts.'”
Title: The Decaying Wasp Pt. 1

"The blistering summer heat was clawing away at my pores. I was drenched in sweat, lying in bed and watching TV. My eyes stared blankly at the screen, with not a thought occurring. I sat alone in this small apartment of mine. I was always alone. Even as a child, I was lost in my own world, one that no one else could enter. Now I’m 31 years old, and that hasn't changed.

Ever since my childhood, I’ve had the need for a distraction from my own thoughts. This is why my parents left the TV running all day and why I found myself with a smartphone at the ripe age of 7. I don't know what they were so afraid of. A child should think, a child should live, and love. But I wasn't allowed to. They needed to have me occupied.

 

After a while of uncomfortably rolling around in bed, I decided to open a window in the sloping roof of my room. I felt like a bag of cement that was trying to roll itself, with all its might, to any destination. I was a rotting man without ambition and purpose. You could say that I was a failure, and you would be right, yet I somehow lived on. The breeze cooled me, and I looked outside to see the sunlight bursting through the saturated leaves of the trees in the park in front of my apartment. I've seen couples walking their dogs, I've seen children playing, and teenagers drinking and enjoying their youth. I looked at life occurring just below me, life that I desperately wanted to be a part of, but I couldn't. I was trapped within myself and kept living in this state between alive and dead. God, how I wanted to live...

 

Because I was already up, I decided to make myself some food. My tiny apartment was dirty and untidy, yet the one habit of my life that wasn't messy was cooking. I enjoyed it too much; it was the only real thing I did, the only meaningful task my life would allow, because I created something. It was just a grilled cheese with tomato soup, but I made it, and the act of creating something was enough to keep me from killing myself. I've had a complicated relationship with suicide. I've always had one safe haven that was something real. Once it was my girlfriend, once it was work, now it is cooking. It was always enough not to kill myself and to keep on living for just that thing. Also, I always knew that I couldn't go through with it. Somehow, I always enjoyed life just a little bit, although I knew it was a meaningless, boring shit show.

I ate and lay back down in bed. I scrolled on my phone with the TV running, I was a profound vaper, and the small, euphoria-inducing sticks of chemical fluid, lithium and plastic were piling up on the bedside table. My lungs were crying. But at least I got a nicotine flash.

 

All of a sudden, without a great entrance, a wasp flew through the open window and headed straight for my body. I hated wasps with a burning passion. I was never stung by a wasp, and maybe that is what made me fear it so much. I jumped up and ran for the door, but the wasp hovered in front of it already. For a brief moment, I was looking directly in the face of the thing and shuddered as I saw its features. It wasn't a normal wasp. It was the length of my middle finger, and it had the girth of my thumb, with a long, menacing sting on its rear end. It had an almost beautiful red and blue shimmer all over its dark body, and the black compound eyes were staring right into my soul.

Like a maniac, I was looking around in my room to find something I could kill the Wasp with, which at first seemed pointless. But then I noticed a porn magazine on the table where the TV stood. I grabbed it quickly and rolled it up into a makeshift club. I was ready for the grand fight. But I had lost sight of it. I couldn't find it anywhere. I heard it buzzing and flying against objects, but I couldn't see it. I know I've heard it, but it wasn't there. It began to sing. For five minutes, that felt like an hour, I couldn't see the thing, but I knew it was there because of this deafening song that droned in my head like a siren. I was frantically looking around when I finally felt it crawling up my arm. It left me just enough time to realize its presence, and then it stung me.

It was more shock than pain that left a mark on me, but still, it was enough to have left me terrified. I didn't know what would happen. "Was the sting venomous? Am I allergic? Should I call a doctor?" and other thoughts like these rushed through my head faster than the harmless venom through my veins.

 

In one quick reaction, I hit the Wasp hard after it stung me. It fell to the ground, and I was left standing there like a wounded soldier in battle. I knew it wasn't over. I had to hit it again, and therefore had to, again, get in close proximity to it, which terrified me even more than the sting. I crouched down and hit it over and over and over...and over again. I had such a fear of this creature that killing it felt like the greatest achievement of my life, which proved either a sad life or a great fear.

It lay there dead before me, its muscles still twitching, and half of it turned to a fine pulp.

I crouched down to look at it and to mock it, but as I stared and the minutes passed, it became more and more eerie to look at its disfigured body. Guilt and fear were creeping up my neck, and it felt like I had just done something bigger than just kill a wasp.

I've seen the Wasp laughing.

"I know it knows these things. I know it knows everything". Thoughts like these just passed through my brain. It needs to be gone.

I unrolled the magazine, where there was now a small stain of blood and organs, to scoop up the corpse.

I wanted to throw it out the window in the sloping roof, but halfway through the room, it twitched again. The dismantled corpse began to scream with a deep voice and in great pain, and with one last effort, it flew behind the TV and through a small gap between wall and dresser.

I wish now that this was it. That it just stayed there rotting behind the dresser. That I could have gone on with my meaningless life. Maybe it was for the better. Maybe a life full of fear and terror is better than a meaningless one.

/

I wanted to turn my life around, I really did. And on nights like these, the desire to set my life ablaze with passion was oh so strong. Thoughts of a better future, of love, of joy came crushing over me like a wave as I stared outside again, watching the night sky that enclosed everything. I desperately needed to change.

The first thing I needed to do was to get in contact again. I called up my best friend and we arranged a catch-up in a bar. We never really stopped talking to each other, but life and change got in the way of meeting up. We'd message each other from time to time, but they moved to another country for a scholarship.

Quinn has always been the most important person for me because, like cooking, they were one of the only connections to real life I've had.

It wasn't just for catching up. I needed to tell someone about the Wasp. I needed to share this experience, the way it laughed at me, stung me and then cried out in a voice much too human...the way it knew.

The next thing I did to change was to clean up my whole apartment. Basic, but effective. Don't let anyone tell you that you can beat depression by just cleaning your room. It might be a temporary comfort, but that root lies deeper within. Yet it was nice living in a space where you wouldn't have to worry about tripping. And I couldn't help it, but the clean-up felt like an enormous step.

It wasn't easy turning my life around. Lethargy came over me much too often, and I fell back into old patterns. Rotting is like an addiction. Yet the euphoria comes from having no euphoria at all. You're just numb; no dreadful thoughts occurring, no future that I have to care about, no worries, just seething away until life is finally over. That was the high I got out of it.

But I truly changed. For a bit...

 

I got dressed and was on my way to meet Quinn. I put on some of the last clothes not in the washing machine and wanted to leave. I stood before the door and remembered that I had forgotten my phone on the bedside table next to the window in the sloping roof.

I got it and wanted to leave, but as I began to walk past the dresser with the TV, I began to have sudden cramps. The muscles in my legs burned and pulled tightly together. There was a strange ringing in my ear, like tinnitus, but it was deep and droning. It sounded like a bass choir of giants that stood around me in a circle, singing to me a foreboding hymn. I felt my brain almost shattering.

I broke down on the floor, and when I shortly opened my tear-ridden eyes, I saw the Wasp crawling out from under the dresser.

In terror and shock, pain and confusion, I wanted to crawl away from it on just my arms, but they began to cramp almost immediately.

 

My whole body was numb. I lay on the floor of my bedroom, backside down, staring at the ceiling. I was paralyzed. I knew what was crawling just below my feet. I broke out in a terrible sweat. My fingers were the only thing I could move, so I clawed at the floor to calm my nerves, just to do anything. I felt it crawling closer; it was the strange presence that you feel when you're being watched. My throat let out a terrible scream. "Maybe the neighbours would hear me,” I thought. Turns out my neighbours were an almost deaf older man and a couple on vacation.

My fingertips were bloody, my vocal cords just about to snap. And then I felt it. The wasp crawled onto my bare leg. I felt every step of its six legs. I couldn't look down; maybe it was for the better. I suddenly felt deep, warm breathing against my leg where the Wasp was. It left me with goosebumps that almost made me throw up. It was the first time I was scared of throwing up because I would've quite surely choked to death on my vomit.

 

The wasp was now on my knee and about to crawl under my shorts. I was somehow able to move my wrists and my neck, which I used to bang my fists and my head against the floor. I don't know what I tried to accomplish with this. Maybe to scare it away, maybe to further alert the neighbours, I don't know.

I felt it under my shorts on my right thigh, making its odyssey to my face. The breathing continued.

All of a sudden, the Wasp briefly clapped its wings as if it wanted to escape through the fabric. It felt...disgusting and horrifying at the same time, this short, nervous motion that seemed to be utterly arbitrary. It shook me to my core, and I stopped screaming in an instant. I was back to being in a state of stiff shock. The Wasp told me to be quiet with a flicker of its wings, and I obeyed like a slave. "God, I’m pathetic," I thought ", it's just a wasp, an insect, I could kill it again if I wanted to, why am I so scared of a wa-," my thought was interrupted by a sharp pain on my thigh. It stung me again. As it pulled out the stinger, I felt every drop of venom getting pumped into my veins and every nanometer of it slowly leaving my body, as if I was in a trance where everything was a thousand times slower.

Every step of it was in itself like a sting. I was drenched in a terribly reeking sweat, a pure concoction of sweat and adrenaline. The wasp was now on my lower pelvis and crawled beneath my underwear. I felt in which direction it wanted to go. It was towards man's centre of creation.

As soon as I felt its goal, my pulse rose to heights I thought impossible. I couldn't scream anymore; my fear manifested itself as silent tears that ran across a cramped, frowning face.

It was on my upper inner thigh. It got closer. It was at the base of it. It got closer. It reached its destination. All was silent, and I didn't move a muscle.

In one brutal, snapping motion, it tore away at the base of my right testicle, piece by piece. In a raging manner, it ate its way through the flesh. It felt like scissors, very slowly cutting off my genitals. Bit. By. Bit. I screamed like a tortured thief. I thought the Wasp was going to go on like this until it would have eaten every last part of my body, which would have lasted days.

But as it was halfway through the testicle, my cramps loosened, and I was able to move again.

Under immense pain, I slowly awoke my muscles. I stood up and quickly took off my pants, which revealed the bloody mess the Wasp had made. I grabbed the magazine that was still lying next to the TV and hit the wasp as hard as I could. It fell to the ground and retreated to its spot under the dresser.

There was a cut about 2 inches deep in my right testicle that I provisionally patched up and disinfected. I was already late for the meet-up with Quinn, so I had to get going. It hurt like hell, but I didn't want to call a doctor. Plus, I needed the distraction.

I looked at the dresser, terrified by knowing what was beneath it. I knew I couldn't do anything against the Wasp, the sole thing that stood in the way of changing my life. I couldn't ask for help; everyone would have hated me for it. I couldn't kill it; every time I tried to, it stood up again. Hell, I couldn't even forget about it or ignore it. It screamed my name too loudly; its deep, horrible tone was too much to bear. It sang its foreboding hymn every night. It sounded like a full choir praying on my pain and...on my...I don't know.

I got ready to leave when the first notes started again. I quickly shut the door behind me and left to see Quinn.

/

We met at a nice restaurant. I went through the streets as something mounted into the wall of an old apartment building in an alley caught my eye. It was a small statue of St. Anthony. For some reason he fascinated me. He felt familiar and seemed to know how I felt. I couldn’t move away from the statue. He felt like a friend.

The restaurant was small, yet it burst with originality. Quinn had a great taste in pretty much everything. The place was full of decorations and paintings that shouldn't have worked together, yet did so effortlessly. It was a charming chaos that was the very thing I needed to get me out of my situation.

Quinn sat right under a very abstract oil painting of the Beach Boys, studying the menu. Just seeing their face under the dim light of the bar was already enough to brighten my mood. Quinn was one of the last flickering lighthouses in the vast, vacant sea that was my soul. I saw their light that day. Brighter than ever. I sat down and said hello.

 

"Hey, how are you?" Quinn said.

 

"Oh, I’m good, I think. I'm very happy to see you."

 

"Me too, I haven't heard from you in ages. I tried reaching out to you, but I got no reply..."

 

"Oh god, I'm sorry," I said, interrupting them, “I changed my number and service, and it didn't inform old contacts. I'm sorry, I really am. What did you text me?"

 

"Oh, nothing out of the ordinary. Just asking you how life is. How the job search was going, and how you've been. How Ava's been."

 

I felt something crawling up my leg again. I tried to sweep it away in one spastic motion, but it was just a phantom. Just like when you think a mosquito is on your body, but there isn't anything there.

 

"No, she's good...she's good," I said, unsurely, and paused for a second. Quinn looked at me with a confused and almost worried look.

 

"I have actually found a job. I work as a crane operator, unusual, but I’ve gotten lucky."

 

"Do you enjoy it?"

 

"It's alright, I guess. I like the view, but it reminds me a bit too much...You, what have you been up to?” I asked, trying to shift the conversation.

 

"Well, I’ve finally managed to get a script approved by a producer. I think that was probably one of the best days of my life. It was like a kickstart for the art I make...I don't even care about the money. I just want many people to see the stories I write. Are you well? You seem a bit ill"

 

I was sweating like a pig. There was too much around me, too much going on. I haven't talked to someone in too long. My arm began to itch slightly. I tried to scratch it and put pressure on it, but it slowly grew stronger. It felt like something was wanting to get out.

 

"In all...honesty, I am lonely. I sit at home, I work, which is the only reason I leave my apartment at all. Meeting you here is the first real interaction I've had since I...last saw Ava. I bury myself under fleeting pleasures to mimic a sense of feeling alive. But oh god, I want to be a part of life. I want to experience every minute..., but I can't. I physically can't get up and live. Like a terribly heavy blanket of angst was lying over me"

 

"I can only imagine how you're feeling. What are you afraid of?"

"There's this social dread I can't get rid of. I'm afraid of everything that's waiting for me behind any interaction. So, I just rot away in this terrible safety..."

 

"Yet you need uncertainty to live."

 

"Yeah..."

 

Our drinks came, and soon after, my food. Quinn didn't order anything to eat, but I ate a whole lot.

 

"You know it's not your fault. Not entirely. You're distracted from living, but what is distracting you? It's machines and patterns that have been specifically made for distraction. People who are living a fulfilled, spontaneous life are not profitable. At least not when looking at the broad population. I always ask myself to what extent a normal guy is responsible...or what his real thoughts are and what he got told to believe..."

 

Quinn got melancholic, and a short silence fell between us.

 

"I'm sorry, I gotta use the restroom real quick," Quinn said and went away.

 

Suddenly, I was alone. Maybe the restaurant was pretty empty before, but now I felt alone. There wasn't a sound, not even from the kitchen.

 

Maybe I imagined it, but I heard a faint buzzing coming from somewhere in the bar. It faded in and out but grew steadily louder. I started sweating again. My arm began itching again in an intensity I've not yet felt. Like there was a burning rose bush beneath my flesh that tried to see the sun. I scratched and scratched, but then I felt a small vibration. Shocked, I stopped the scratching, realizing where the sound came from. The buzzing came not from the bar. It came from under my skin. I felt it moving there.

I clawed away at the sting. I just wanted the thing to get out, I wanted it gone. My arm began to bleed. The pain was unimaginable, but the adrenaline made me scratch it even further.

I saw the sharp and rifled knife next to my plate that was covered in remains of the food. I took it quickly and started drilling it into my skin. The red, oily fat on the knife began mixing with my blood and went into my body. I tried everything, but it didn't come out. My whole arm was now covered in blood and oil. I rushed out into the foggy night and went home. I couldn't burden Quinn anymore. I just couldn't.

/

I ran home, clenching my teeth, holding my arm tight, trying to put pressure on it. The town was silent, and all I could hear were my footsteps in the alley and the buzzing of the hatching wasp.

With my bloodied hand, I opened the door to my apartment. I fell to my knees in anguish before my bed.

 

"Get out, get out, you're buried there deep in me, I did everything, I wanted to change, you didn't let me, get out, get out, get out," I said, crying with a stiff grimace.

But then it finally happened.

In one painful pop, a wasp squirmed out of the gaping wound, followed by a dozen slimy wasp eggs that resembled rice grains. As terrifying as it was, some part of me was glad that it was over. Or so I thought.

The freshly hatched wasp flew around the room before it landed on my face. I was paralyzed again. It was not that I couldn't move. But I knew that if I did so, the wasp would sting me. So, I knelt there still with the aching, throbbing pain in my arm.

It crawled over my face, stood still for just a second and then scuttled on. Quick, hectic motions went all over my eyes, mouth and nose. Once again, I felt every leg of the insect moving. They tickled my skin. I felt disgusted and horrified, I didn't know what the wasp would do next.

As I felt it crawling to my nose, I thought it wanted to crawl inside. I got too terrified, and in one quick, short swoop, I hit it, and it now was in thin air again. I took the magazine from the dresser, unfolded it and hit the wasp to the ground. I wanted to finish it, but suddenly the other rotting Wasp quickly crawled out from under the dresser, crippled on four legs with a mouldy, slimy corpus, and began eating the other wasp alive. After it was finished, it dragged the half-dead body back to its retreat.

I went to the bathroom to drown the eggs in the sink. I needed to squeeze the rest out like a pimple. After that, the pain slowly went away, and I patched up the wound.

I took three towels and stuffed them in the space between dresser and floor. I knew that wouldn't fix the problem, but it gave me some comfort.

"I need to stay in. Everywhere I go, it will follow me. I can't put this on someone else," I thought, realizing my sad, distressed future.

I wanted to change my life. But it wouldn't let me. God...I am so sorry, Ava.

/

The blistering summer heat had worn off, and the cold autumn nights set in. It had been a month since I met Quinn in the bar. I went to work a lot and even worked overtime. Up there was the only place the Wasp couldn't reach me. Every second I was in my home, the wasp was talking to me. No rest. Constant talking, screaming and singing. The towels just barely muted the Wasp. The "good moments" were scarce as ever, and I was close to ending it.

"After all, isn't it my good right to kill myself? Doesn't everybody have the right to do so? If I want to go, let me go, don't drag me back to my life, to my apartment that's already hell. What? Am I too profitable for you? Is that why you want to keep me? Or would my suicide lower the morale of other people, therefore keeping them from working? What is it? Is it the crumbling painting of a perfect society you desperately try to keep hung up, that I would shatter with a brushstroke of my own blood? In that case, let it be broken. Paint a new one, why don't you? I refuse a painting where a painting is needed. It's not the picture that I crave. I just want to live, I want to finally know what it feels like to burn, yes, to burn in a moment of spontaneous passion, God, let me melt in this grand oven that is my desire, please. House, that is life, please let me in and then throw me out immediately after, but let me in. For just one foot over your doorstep is enough to fill a life. Yes, I want to live, but not if it takes any longer. And you, you keep me from living, you fucking pest! What? Am I not good for you if I live? Am I sour then, not to your taste? Well, then I want to taste like shit in your mouth, only then would I live. But I'm sour either way...if I live, if I die, only if I stay in this paralyzed condition am I just right for you. God...I just want to live..."

I don't know who I was saying that to. The Wasp, society, myself...all of which fused to one enemy I was screaming and rambling at.

The next day, I went to work as always. I climbed up my crane, and it was peaceful again. It was a bright blue day with many clouds that lay there like specks of white in a painting. There was so much life beneath me. I wanted to stay alive just to see others living. It was the very last joy I’ve had. I didn't think it would change...

On that very day, on the crane, I began hearing something again. I've heard a strange tune. It was a buzzing elegy that came from within the crane booth, slow and sad it sounded, with overtones of hatred and despair. In a panic, I began looking around the booth. I looked under my seat, behind my seat, in my bag, but I couldn't find where the sound was coming from. Then it hit me that the lyrics of this incomprehensible song sounded exactly like the words the Wasp was always singing to me.

 

The crane was in motion. I was in a state of terrifying stress. The buzzing became louder and louder until the whole booth was droning with this horrible sound. Then I suddenly felt something crawling up my neck. I tried to swat it away, therefore letting loose on the controls.

 

In one swift motion, the heavy concrete load of the crane snapped and rushed straight down. As it happened, my only thoughts were hope that nobody would stand under the crane end, "anything but that, please don't let me be responsible for someone's death, god, please, don't let the Wasp kill someone else," I thought.

Hastily, I went down the ladder, stumbling a lot and almost falling myself. I hurried to the crash site and saw what had happened.

My colleagues stood in shock around the huge concrete slab that had fallen onto an excavator working directly beneath the end of the crane.

I didn't want to look, but as it is with any accident, there was a strange draw to it, like a siren's call. So, I looked at it.

The body in the driver's seat was folded almost completely, but one could only observe the head with the shoulders and the legs at the pedals. Everything else was covered by the caved-in roof of the excavator and the concrete. The worst thing was that one could still very clearly see the worker’s face. One could not distance oneself from the body. You could see every mark. There lay a whole human experience that now has ended. He looked content. It didn't look tragic. Maybe he thought of something beautiful. There was sadness, there was joy, there was life and death all together concentrated into one scene I was responsible for. I was an artist for once in my life.

 

I couldn't take it. I ran away from the site, never to be seen by my coworkers again.

They blamed a mechanical failure and covered for me, but I quit the job. I thought the Wasp could only hurt me. Alas, I was wrong. The Wasp hurt everyone around me through me. I needed to isolate. Finally. Isolate.

/

"Isolate. Isolate. Isolate. I thought I was the only one drowning. All the while, I was a brick tied to their ankles, pulling them further down. After all, everyone is drowning, only divided by the weight of their bricks and the depth of their waters. I don't want to pull them down. My life is only fear now.

Quinn, my colleague...god, I don't even know his name...Ava...what happened with Ava? What did I... Isolate. Isolate. Isolate.

Do I deserve contact? What is wrong with me? Or is it the wasp? WHAT DOES IT WANT? Was I such a bad person? I just want to live. I try to be kind to everybody, but I just can’t interact with people in a normal way; they find me weird and I just...Isolate. Isolate. Isolate.

I want to love again. I need touch. How is someone supposed to live without touch? But I can't, I'd hurt the person I'd love. Or is it the Wasp? I NEED TO KILL IT. But I tried and failed. I could set it on fire, and it would burn eternally. I would kneel before it like Moses before the rose bush and await the commandments. COMMANDMENT I: Isolate. Isolate. Isolate.

I need to distract myself even more; no thought must occur, just noise and noise and noise. Every thought would mean confrontation with myself, life, and death. That would kill me. That would make me uncomfortable. No thought, just loud tones of a life thrown away. No therapy, I can deal with this on my own. I can drown everything out, and I can always isolate. Isolate. Isolate.

...or die. That might be the only way to get rid of the Wasp. But I can't do that either. I can't kill myself because there is still some confused part of me that enjoys life, so I just wait and hope for my death every minute of my life. What a meagre existence that would be...with the only light being the view of the park. Or I could...no... I must isolate. Isolate. Isolate.

I need to change. I need to leave everything behind, step over the ledge and fly over the pyre of my past life. Something new. Just new, not old, just good. I need to break out of this cell. I need to experience. I need to live every moment and every second till seconds cease to exist. I want to love, I want to see, I want contact. I need to isolate isolation like a prism in a prism. I will dare a step over the door, and I'll be

free. Beyond my fear lies a new life. Let me taste the bitter salt of life," I said all of this in my room, alone. It was the last speech I gave to myself. After that, I tried to live.

/

I went to the park for the first time in my life. All the time I've looked at the park, yearning to be a part of it. And now I suddenly found myself before it.

I went through the grand iron gate, decorated by various ornaments its bars had made. The air was damp, and the freckled sky shone a bright grey, while the sun occasionally greeted us, the ones scattering below.

The grass and the trees were fat from the summer that had now laid itself to rest; now was autumn. The season that is the year's slow walk to the deathbed.

Children and dogs were playing in the park, old people on benches, grieving times that have passed, grieving moments and grieving others. There were only chaotic specks of grief on these benches. There were couples and friends on blankets in the grass, tasting the fresh bleeding ecstasy of youth and love. Every now and then, an insect flew by me and scared me to near death, but the shock quickly fled.

I wept at the profound beauty this park had to hold. I wept for everything I could never have experienced. I wept for myself, and I wept for...

I sat down on an empty bench that looked in the direction of a small pond. There was no distraction except the warmth of the sun and the cold breeze. My brain was almost silent, only left with a faint ringing. No wasp, no guilt, no past, just this warm moment. I felt courage beginning to boil within me.

I was looking around in the park and saw a person sitting on the bench next to mine. She was reading a book, I believe it was "Crime and Punishment”, occasionally looking around, trying to spot any interesting facets of her surroundings. It is of no importance what she looked like, but her eyes were too divine not to mention them. Two piercing, bright water spirits beneath her brow that carefully inspected every moving thing around her. If one were to examine them, they would have shot two clean holes through one's soul, leaving no stone unturned, no secret unseen. She could read anyone except me. But I couldn't even read myself.

I looked at her in amazement; she had such a knowing presence to her, like she figured things out that most humans haven’t. I caught myself staring too late before she looked at me. Embarrassed, I turned my head down to the grass, hoping she didn't notice my gaze.

Curiosity and passion began to brim inside of me. Something told me that I needed to talk to her. In the span of seconds, it became my mission to approach her. The interest in her was there, but the real motivation for talking to her was the sole action of talking to her. I wanted to have one moment of courage, just one. Even if she'd reject me, I'd still have made the step over the ledge and flown. One act of true courage might be enough to fill a life.

My heart pounded for it knew what it had to do. What terrified me was that I knew I had to do it. I knew that I would do it. But the words still had to leave my mouth, the sentence still had to be formed, and the fear of embarrassing possibilities still had to be conquered.

My eyes were fixed on the grass; my head was full of thoughts. I sat there for an hour thinking and calculating. Then it came to me. I wouldn't do it; I wouldn't have the courage.

"She will leave any minute now, and you won't talk to her, yes, you will never see her again," I thought. My leg began to shake, and with every minute, I got more nervous. I saw her putting her book away, implying that she'd leave any second. I felt an inferno forming, like a crown, around my heart. My breath grew shorter and shorter.

And then I just did it. Like a feather, I let myself fall, and I talked to her.

"Hi, I'm sorry, but could I maybe have your number?" I asked, stuttering like I swallowed a toad.

She hesitated for a second and eyed me up and down. I believe she saw everything within me right from the start, except this awful, unlit corner in my being that I myself have pushed down so deeply that I couldn't see it anymore...but in that corner, there was always the face. A meek face of innocence that turned into one of angst and confusion. This metamorphosis happened over and over again, and with it came a strange song. But all in me was quiet in that moment when she said:

 

"Yeah, you seem nice."
Title: I can't bring myself to shoot the deer in my yard

My dad died in a hunting accident when I was seven.

It took them a while to find his body. He told me and my mom that he was going out, but he never said where. For a long time I thought he meant to surprise us with a deer; now I realize he just wanted some time to himself.

“Hey, buddy, come here,” he had said in his deep voice, stooping down with a grunt. Mom was mad at him, and he was standing in the doorway about to leave. But he remembered me.

I walked up to him hesitantly. Mom was throwing me glances and I wasn’t sure whether it was okay.

“I’ll be back, okay? Sooner or later, I’ll be back,” he said. He ruffled my hair. I raised my arms up for a hug and he obliged. His rifle strap slid off his shoulder. He was sweaty and warm. “Love you buddy,” he whispered in my ear.

That’s the last time I saw him as I knew him.

My dad shot a deer that night. They never found it.

The series of events—as explained by the investigators—was that my dad got to the stand around 11. He didn’t have any luck, so after an hour or so, he went out walking with a few beers in his pack.

Along the way, he got lucky: he stumbled across a massive buck. He fired a shot and hit it.

The buck ran a ways and fell, bleeding but alive.

My dad was drunk and excited. He tracked the deer down. When he found it, he bent down to inspect it, and forgot his rifle’s safety.

The gun fired and struck my dad in the head. He died instantly.

Afterwards—indifferent to it all—the buck laid there panting, regained its strength, and fled. They found the blood-soaked patch of dirt beside my dad’s body, distinctly animal. Their blood mingled together. The inspectors didn’t say that, but I always imagined it.

*They* never found the deer. But I did.

I started seeing a buck around our house, in the yard. At first it stayed at the edge of the woods. I even mentioned it to my mom. We watched it together, walking around the trees, glancing at us. It moved strangely. Cautiously; like it was tip-toeing.

I would see it every week, and every week, I had some new understanding about why, of all deer, of all houses, this deer had chosen ours.

First, I was sure it was coincidence. Then, that it was some other deer.

Finally, I knew it was my dad.

I knew it from the scar in its side.

As time went on, it got closer to the house. It started eating grass in the yard, so to encourage it, I dug into the shed and laid out some of dad’s old deer feed. 

Mom didn’t like that. When before she would pull me to the window in excitement to see it, she started pulling me away. She grew tired of my fantasy—that this was dad, that their blood was mixed, that they swapped bodies. She was ready to let go.

But I wasn’t.

One night, while my mom was sleeping, I opened the curtain. The deer was eating in the yard.

I tapped on the glass.

It eyed me cautiously. Then it snuck with those delicate steps up to my window, antlers bobbing.

I slid the window open as high as my short arms could and reached out to pet it.

The deer stood still. It didn’t take its eyes off of me.

I ran my hand over the top of its head.

“Hey buddy,” the deer whispered.

I jolted back. The deer didn’t break eye contact. In the moonlight, I thought I saw tears welling there.

“Let me in,” it said. It was masculine, but it wasn’t my dad’s voice. It was thin and breathy and high.

I had my reservations. But all that time I had spent staring in awe at the deer, I was thinking about my dad. All that time. In my mind I couldn’t accept it was really him, but in my heart… the blood mingling. 

So I did it.

I walked around to the front door and opened it.

The deer was already there, waiting.

It stepped past me in its gentle sneaking way.

“Should I get mom?” I whispered.

“No, no,” it said. “Let her sleep.”

It sniffed around the house like it hadn’t been there in a long time.

The deer’s hooves were quiet on the carpet. It didn’t seem to remember its way. It walked halfway into the bathroom and backed out like it hadn’t meant to go there.

Finally, the deer looked at me.

“Take me to your room, buddy,” it said.

I did. I walked to my room and it followed me. It looked around like it was afraid of being caught. So was I. It felt like we were doing something wrong.

It was dark in my room. I went to turn on my lamp, but the deer walked in front of me.

“Can we lay down together?” the deer asked softly. 

I nodded my head.

I crawled into bed and pulled the covers back for the deer to lay down beside me.

It was a small bed. As the deer pulled itself awkwardly up onto the mattress, its antlers grazed my head and I winced. I pulled away to the far edge.

Finally it settled on its haunches and I pulled the covers over us. Its flank was against me. It was freezing cold. My dad had never been this cold.

The deer raised a hoof and laid it over my chest. Its breath blew in my face.

“Thank you, buddy,” it said tearfully. “Thank you for letting me into your home.”

“You’re welcome,” I said, looking up at the shadow of its massive head staring back at me.

“I’ve missed you,” it whispered. Then it brought its cold mouth to my cheek and licked me.

I pulled away in disgust. Its tongue was slimy and it stunk.

“Oh, I’m sorry buddy,” it said tearfully. “I’m so sorry.”

“What’s my name?” I asked suddenly. My body was stiff. I couldn’t move for the weight of the deer’s hoof holding me down.

It side-eyed me. It didn’t answer for a long time.

“I’m sorry buddy. I don’t remember. Thank you for letting me in. Thank you.”

I stared up at the ceiling. I didn’t know what to do.

The deer licked my cheek again.

I screamed as loud as I could.

The deer jumped. It raised the hoof from my chest and tried covering it over my mouth. It clattered against my teeth and split my lip, leaving red marks and streaks of dirt on my chin.

I kept screaming. I managed to scoot away and tumble down to the ground.

I heard my mom calling out to me, rushing down the hall.

The deer rose from the bed and towered over me. I looked up fearfully and met its eyes.

“Love you buddy,” it said. Then, in an explosion of glass, it leapt through my bedroom window.

I had to get stitches in my lip. I was never angry at the deer; I knew it was an accident.

I’m not sure if I ever saw it again.

It’s been thirty years. I live in a completely different state.

But right now, there’s a deer outside with a scar on its side.
Title: I went looking for my sister. I shouldn't have.

I live in a small house, simple, cozy, filled with things that actually mean something to me. My plates, mugs, and bowls were all made by my mother before she died, the curtains belonged to my grandmother, and the paintings on the walls are from my sister and I. This is what I inherited it after my parents passed away two years ago.

I have to confess something, I have not seen my sister since their funeral. It was a stormy day, rain pouring in sheets and thunder shaking the windows hard enough to rattle the glass. Honestly, it felt dramatic in a way that matched them, since they always did everything together, even dying.

My sister Ana and I were very close growing up, but after her wedding five years ago, she just disappeared from my life. She showed up at the funeral, hugged me with cold arms, cried once, then left without a goodbye.

Today I finally decided I am going to her house. If she will not reach out, then I will, It has been two years since I last saw her, and I miss her, I miss having some sort of family around.

"Megan, what are you doing?" Charlie calls from the doorway, my boyfriend, kind of, honestly I do not know what we are. "Still planning on tormenting your sister? She clearly does not want anything to do with you."

That stings. He knows everything about my childhood and everything about Ana, even things I am not sure I told him. Maybe I said more than I meant to when we started seeing each other.

"Yes, Charlie, I am going to Ana’s house to see what is going on," I say while folding clothes on my bed just to keep my hands busy. "I will see you when I get back."

His face tightens into that expression he gets where I can never tell if he pities me, or if he thinks I am being pathetic. "I am not letting you go alone," he says, grabbing his keys. "I will wait in the car." At least he is a gentleman.

He is a good guy, he is honest, sometimes too honest. We met ten days after my parents’ funeral at a grief group I went once. He was there because his best friend died, her name was Megan too, and they knew each other for twenty years. After he met me, he stopped going, said he felt better now, but sometimes I wonder if he actually likes me, or if he just likes saying my name.

When we arrive at Ana’s house, I realize it is not a house at all. It is a mansion, a massive place tucked behind huge gates and perfect landscaping. I knew she married well, but this is ridiculous. Her husband was always quiet, polite, almost empty behind the eyes. I met him maybe three times, including the wedding. I always assumed he sold drugs or killed people for money, something like that. Also he never seemed to like us, my parents didn't take it super well the fact that she kind of left us when she got married but they kept life going. It makes me a little sad that she never invited our parents here. They would have loved to spend a day pretending to have a luxury life.

A tear streams down my face thinking about my parents. I miss them every single day.

I ring the bell. Nothing. I ring again. And again. Ten times. Still nothing. It is Sunday evening, there is no reason they would not be home.

I peek through the window, and I freeze. Ana is sitting on the couch. She is looking straight at me, not blinking, not moving, her face completely still. The kind of staring that goes right through your eyes and stops somewhere behind them. I can’t help but smile, because part of me is genuinely happy to see her.

I step closer to knock on the window, like she is a fish in an aquarium. "Charlie, look, she is here."

He comes beside me, and in the two seconds I look at him and then back at the glass, she is suddenly right there. Inches from the window. Her face pressed against it, her eyes wide and her mouth hanging open in a way that looks too heavy for her jaw to hold.

And before I can even move, she screams. A sound that vibrates through my bones, sharp enough to slice the air on my lungs.

I run closer to the car, my legs shaking so badly I barely make it. When I look back, Charlie is still standing near the window. Ana is gone.

"Charlie, lets get in the car, I am scared," I yell.

"I think she is more scared than you," he says. His voice shakes even though he tries to hide it. "She ran the moment I looked at her. We should ask a neighbor, someone must know what is going on."

I hate the idea. But I do not have another plan, and every inch of me is trembling but I still want to know what is going on. It's my sister after all.

Before we can pick a house, a girl approaches us. She looks young, stylish, maybe twenty-five, and painfully familiar. "Hi, what are you guys doing here?" she asks, looking between us and narrowing her eyes at me. I clearly look familiar to her too. "I saw you looking at the big house. What do you know about that place?"

Before I can answer, Charlie goes pale. I'm sensing something wrong and so is he, I can just feel it.

"What is that," he whispers, staring at the mansion window. "I saw her. It cannot be real."

The girl’s eyes widen. "Oh my god. It is happening already."

"Okay, too much," I say, trying not to vomit from fear. "Charlie, honey, who did you see? And you, who are you?"

Charlie puts his hands on his head like he is trying to hold something inside. "I saw Megan. My Megan." 

My stomach drops like a stone. "What..."

He reaches for my arm, but I move away from him instinctively.

The girl clears her throat. "Sorry. I’m Nina." She holds out her hand, and I shake it automatically. "I am here because my brother lives or lived in that mansion." She looks at the ground on the last words.

"Wait, Nina?" I say, shocked. "I'm Megan. Ana’s sister. I'm here to talk to her."

She freezes. Her jaw drops. "Oh my god. It has been years. You look different."

She is right. After my parents died, I lost weight, changed my wardrobe, my hair, my everything. I barely recognize myself. She looks really good too, very different, but with the same essence as the little girl I met when we were younger.

Charlie stops staring at the window long enough to look at us, and Nina blinks a few times before finally saying it.

"You said you are here to talk to Ana," She looks genuinely upset saying it "Megan, your sister is not alive."

Everything in me stops.

"She died five years ago," Nina says, her voice small. "Right after her wedding. Everyone knows. The casket was closed, nobody saw her body. Nobody wanted to. They even said that your family didn't attend the funeral because you guys were too sad."

My mouth dries out instantly. "That is impossible. She was at our parents' funeral. She cried on my shoulder. She held my hand." My lungs tighten painfully. Did my parents know this? Did they lie to me?

Nina shakes her head slowly. "That was not her."

Charlie is confused "And the woman I saw… she was not my Megan either. My Megan died five years ago as well. But the thing in that window looked like her, except wrong."

Cold emptiness spreads through my chest.

Nina steps closer. "My brother said this place is not normal. People show up in the house sometimes, people he recognizes, people who should not exist anymore. They stare. They do not blink. And if you get close, they scream like they want to tear your face off."

There is movement at the window. Slow, deliberate. A shape peeling itself forward from the darkness inside.

Not Ana or Megan, but something smiling. Smiling at us, seems almost happy with our confusion. The figure tilts its head. The glass fogs with its breath.

We do not move. Not for a long time. The thing in the window does not move either. It watches us. The air feels heavy and suffocating. I want to look away, but something tells me that if I break eye contact, it will appear right behind me.

"Meg," Charlie whispers, his voice trembling violently, "we need to go to the car. Right now. Please."

But the car feels far. Too far. Like the driveway stretched while we were talking. My legs feel hollow, weak, like they might fold under me.

Nina pulls my sleeve gently. "Listen to me. My brother said the house reacts when people try to leave. It does not like it when someone gets close to discovering what is inside. If we move too quickly, it will follow us."

"Follow us?" I repeat, my voice thin. "Nina, what do you mean follow us? You have a lot of explaining to do."

She looks at me then, really looks at me, and there is something awful in her eyes. Something like regret.

"This house is not haunted," she says. "It is hungry."

The word hungry hits something deep inside my stomach, something that makes my throat tighten like a fist is closing around it.

The figure in the window shifts slightly, its neck bending to the side in a slow, unnatural arc, like it is smelling us through the glass.

Charlie steps back and accidentally kicks a loose stone. The noise is small, but it echoes down the silent street like a scream.

The figure freezes, then it moves out of view.

I whisper, without meaning to, "Where did she go?"

No one answers.

Charlie turns and runs but he doesn't make it halfway.

The front gate slams shut on its own, the metal shaking so violently it rattles the ground. Charlie crashes into it so hard he knocks the air out of himself, sliding down to his knees.

"What the hell," he gasps. "What the actual hell!"

The lock on the gate clicks. Not like someone locked it, but like the metal itself decided we are not leaving.

Nina grabs the bars and yanks hard. "It trapped us. It trapped us outside on purpose. It wants us near the house."

My chest tightens so painfully I cannot breathe.

The front door creaks open, slowly, quietly, like it is inviting us.

"Megan, do not go near that door," Charlie says, pulling me back. "It wants you the most. It showed itself to you first. It screamed at you."

I want to listen. I want to run and cry and hide. But I cannot move because the front door is not empty anymore.

Ana stands there, but she is not right.

Her head hangs slightly forward, like her neck cannot support its weight. Her arms hang stiff at her sides, and her fingers curl and uncurl like she is practicing the movement. Her eyes shine too brightly, like wet glass.

She steps onto the porch one shaky step at a time, her body moving like someone is pulling her joints by strings.

“Megan,” she says, and her voice sounds like she is trying to remember how to speak.

I step back, my heel hitting the curb.

Ana smiles, or tries to. Her lips stretch too wide, showing all of her teeth at once.

“Welcome home,” she whispers.

Nina grips my wrist. “Do not listen to her. That is not your sister. She is gone. That thing is using her face.”

Charlie steps closer, pressing his arm around my waist protectively. His heartbeat is shaking through him. “Megan, look at me. Not at her. Look at me.”

But I can't.

Because Ana tilts her head upward, toward the second-floor window, like she is signaling something.

Then I hear heavy footsteps.

Something else is inside the house, something bigger, something that does not care about hiding.

A massive hand slams against the upstairs window. Fingers too long, too thin, pressing hard enough against the glass that it bends outward.

Charlie flinches, pulling me with him, trembling uncontrollably.

"It wants us together," Nina whispers. "It likes connections. My brother told me that before he disappeared. The house uses people who belong to each other."

My heart stops.

Ana takes another step down the porch. She is halfway to us now.

"Megan," she says, voice breaking in the middle like something tearing. "You left me here."

"I did not know," I croak. "I did not know anything that happened to you."

Ana’s smile twitches furrowing her brows. "You did not look for me."

Charlie steps in front of me again, breathing hard. "She is not your sister. I swear we have to find a way to leave."

The gate rattles again. Something drags across the metal from the outside.

We are now trapped between monsters.

Ana whispers "Let me show you something."

She opens her mouth wider than any human jaw should, wider and wider until the skin at the edges tears slightly.

And from inside the house behind her, something starts walking down the porch.

Something is coming down the porch behind Ana, something so heavy the wood groans under each step. The light above the door flickers, struggling to stay alive. My heart pounds against my ribs so hard it hurts. I feel Charlie's arm tighten around me, holding me in place like he is afraid the house will suck me forward if he loosens his grip even a little.

Nina steps closer, her voice shaking. "This is what my brother tried to warn me about. He said the house doesn't just show them. It keeps them. Uses them. Feeds on them. He said once you see what it shows you, it marks you. You belong to it."

"What happened to him?" I whisper. "Nina, what really happened to your brother?"

She looks at me, and for a moment her face folds in on itself, like she is fighting the urge to sob. "After Ana's death he came to visit the house they bought together. He said he saw someone in the window too. Someone he loved. Someone dead. And then he... changed. He stopped talking. He stopped eating. He said the house was calling him. One night he went inside, and the door locked behind him and I never saw him again."

"So you were with him, when he went missing" I say to Nina but before she can say something a loud crack echoes from the porch, and all three of us look up.

The thing behind Ana steps into the doorway. It fills the frame entirely.

Too tall to be human, too wide to fit through the door without bending in unnatural ways. Its skin is stretched thin across its bones, gray and tight, like it was dried and rehydrated wrong. Its face is wrong, blurred, like wet paint running on a canvas. Its eyes shine with a milky gloss, as if they were stolen from somewhere else, and it has so many teeth.

Ana moves aside to give it space, like she is welcoming it.

Charlie stumbles backward, dragging me with him. "No, no, no, no, Meg, we are not dying here. We are not. I will get you out. I promise."

His voice cracks at the last word, and it breaks something inside me. His voice is raw, terrified in a way he never allowed himself to be.

Ana steps down the last porch stair.

"Megan," she whispers, "come home."

Nina pulls at my arm. "If we run to the side gate, maybe we can climb. My brother tried it. He almost made it before it pulled him back. But maybe, maybe with all of us..."

The house makes a sound then.

A groaning, dragging, breathing moan that rises from the foundation itself. The ground vibrates beneath our feet. The windows shake. The grass seems to curl toward the porch, bending as if pulled by some invisible force.

Nina gasps "It knows we are trying to run."

Charlie’s hand slips from mine for half a second when the ground trembles, and that moment is all it takes.

Ana lunges.

She moves like her body is being thrown forward by something behind her. Her arms snap outward, fingers curled like claws. Charlie shoves me behind him so hard I lose my balance and fall onto the pavement.

He stands between me and Ana. Between me and the thing wearing her face.

"Take me," Charlie shouts. "Take me, not her."

"No!" I scream, scrambling to my feet. "Charlie please don't"

"Meg, you have a lot to live, I need to do something right. I need to save at least one Megan, you, my Megan" He does not look back. His shoulders square, his body trembling violently. "I mean it. Take me. I'll go inside. I'll do whatever you want. Just leave her alone."

The creature on the porch exhales, a long rasping sigh that sounds like rot escaping from lungs buried underground.

Ana reaches for him, her fingers stretch too far, too long, grabbing him by the shoulders. Charlie screams when her touch burns through his shirt and his skin bubbles up instantly, like acid. He tries to push her away, but she is strong. Too strong.

"Megan, run!" he screams. "Please! Run!"

The thing that was once behind Ana moves forward, leaning over her, its head lowering toward Charlie like it is smelling him.

He kicks and thrashes, his face twisted in agony, but Ana holds him like a mother holding a child, tightening her grip until he cannot move. His breath comes out in loud, wet sobs. His eyes search for me, full of terror, regret, and something like love.

"Megan," he whispers, "I'm sorry. I should have told you earlier. I loved you. I..."

His voice cuts off. It happened so fast.

The creature bends and swallows him.

Not with a mouth. But with a darkness that pours out of its face, wrapping around him like wet cloth. Charlie’s body sinks into it, like he is being folded into the creature's skin. His scream echoes, not from his mouth, but from inside the creature, echoing and echoing until it fades into silence as his last breath disappears inside the thing that uses my sister's face.

Nina lets out a sight, I completely forgot she is here, she seems weirdly quiet when we are not speaking to her directly.

I cannot breathe. I cannot move. I cannot think. My body goes numb, shaking uncontrollably. Oh my Charlie, I can't even process right.

Ana turns back toward me.

Without Charlie in her grasp, her arms dangle loosely again, twitching at the elbows. Her neck crooks sharply to the side, recovering from the scene. She smiles a soft smile loving one.

"Megan," she whispers, "you belong with us."

I grab Nina and we sprint along the fence. My legs burn, my lungs feel like they are ripping apart. The gate is shaking again, something banging on it from the outside, as if another creature is trying to get in.

Nina pulls me toward a side corner, where the rusted metal meets a stone wall. "We can climb here. We can..."

A hand bursts through the fence.

Not human but humanoid.

Gray looking, long-fingered, grabbing Nina by the throat.

She chokes, clawing at its grip as her feet lift off the ground. The creature behind the fence pulls her upward, her body dangling helplessly, her eyes wide with terror.

"Megan," she gasps, tears streaming down her face, "I'm sorry. I should have warned you sooner. I should have tired..."

Her neck snaps and she gets dragged upward, over the fence, into the darkness on the other side.

I collapse onto the grass.

The house door opens even wider on its own, and Ana steps into the yard. The large creature moves behind her, almost protectively, its huge hand resting on the doorframe, the same hand that took Nina away.

Ana walks toward me slowly.

I scoot backward until my back hits the cold metal of the locked gate.

Ana kneels in front of me, her face inches from mine.

"Megan," she whispers gently, "stop running. You know where you belong. Here with me. we can live the life we had when we were children."

I close my eyes unable to look at her as her cold fingers touch my cheek.

And the house breathes in and the air around us collapses inward, sucking leaves and dust toward the door like the world is being pulled into its lungs. My hair whips forward, my eyes sting, and Ana's cold fingers slide from my cheek down to my jaw like she is memorizing the shape of my face.

"Megan," she whispers, "come back inside. Please. I have been so lonely."

Her voice breaks on the last word, and for a moment, for the smallest, stupidest moment, I almost believe it. I almost believe my sister misses me. Wants me. Loves me.

But then the thing behind her shifts, rising fully out of the doorway.

Its limbs stretch to the porch railings, gripping them like a giant insect. Its head tilts backward, the blurred face pulling into a wide, impossible grin.

And the house exhales.

A hot, rancid wind hits my face, carrying the smell of dirt, rot, and something metallic, like rusted nails pulled out of wet wood.

"No," I breathe. "No. I don't want to die!"

I shove myself sideways, sliding in the wet grass, grabbing the fence post and pulling myself up. My knees burn. My palms scrape. My lungs scream. But I stand. Somehow, I stand.

Ana rises at me.

Her head twitches sharply, the crack so loud it echoes down the driveway. "Megan," she says, her voice thin, trembling, "do not leave me again. Please. Do not make me follow you like I followed mom and dad."

Our parents? Did they try to reach out and found the house?

She steps forward and the creature follows.

Every step it takes makes the earth tremble. The porch groans, the windows rattle, the entire frame of the mansion shivers in anticipation, like it is excited. Like it is starving.

I stumble backward along the fence, but there is nowhere to go. No gate. No corner. No break in the metal. Just endless railings and the cold breath of the house growing heavier, thicker, stickier, like fog made of hands.

The grass around my shoes shifts.

And I realize it too late.

Something beneath the soil presses up, lifting the dirt like something trying to crawl out. I scream and leap sideways, my foot catching on a root as long, gray fingers break through the ground, reaching for my ankle.

"No!" I cry, kicking free, stumbling so hard I nearly fall again.

Ana is closer now.

Her face trembles, shaking like something inside is trying to push out. Her eyes flicker, glaze, then refocus on me with a pleading softness that is somehow a thousand times worse than if she were a monster.

"I don't want to hurt you," she whispers but aggressively. "I just want you home. Come home. Come home, Megan."

"I don't belong here," I choke out, tears burning hot down my face.

Ana's lips twitch.

"Yes," she says, and her voice deepens with something not hers, "you do."

The creature behind her lunges.

Its arm shoots forward. I scream and dodge, falling sideways into the mud, scrambling backward so desperately that my nails rip.

The hand misses me by inches slamming into the ground, cracking the earth open like thin glass.

"Megan," Ana says again, but now her voice is wrong. Hungry. "Come. Home."

I crawl backward until my spine slams into the fence. The metal vibrates with something behind it, something pacing, waiting, almost eager.

I am trapped.

The creature steps down from the porch, its massive, blurry face tilting as if studying me. Its shoulders unhinge outward, stretching like wings that never finished growing.

Ana takes one last step, standing directly in front of me.

She kneels again, face inches from mine and she smiles. It's heartbreaking.

"Megan," she whispers, "they're gone. Mom, Dad... Charlie. Everyone leaves you. But I won't. I promise I will never leave you again."

My vision blurs with tears.

"I miss you," I sob. "I miss all of you."

She touches my cheek with cold, shaking fingers "Then come home."

The creature behind her opens its arms.

The house creaks again, sucking the air inward, pulling at my hair, my clothes, my breath. I feel myself sliding toward the porch, toward that giant, open hunger waiting for me.

I close my eyes "I love you, Ana," I whisper.

She blinks at my sentence, for a second it looks actually like Ana, my sister who I deeply regret not going after, the woman who taught me a lot about life, the woman who I didn't reach out for five years because I was too petty to be the fist one to reach out. Now I feel all of the regret.

Something warm drips onto my forehead, one of her tears "Sorry Megy, they are forcing.." she chokes and starts to put her hands on her own throat as if she was choking on a piece of meat as she is getting away from me, running towards the house. The last thing I hear is the door slamming shut.

Then everything goes black.

I wake up on my knees, the air is still, Silent and Dead.

The sky is gray, the world muted like someone turned the volume down on reality. I stand shakily, feeling the weight of the house behind me, heavy like a shadow pressed against my spine.

My body does not hurt, only my fingers, where once I had nails. I am not dead, but I do not feel alive either.

I turn slowly toward the mansion. It stands tall, still, its windows shining like they were recently clean.

Then, one window flickers on the second floor. The one where the creature first pressed its hand and a shape appears behind the glass. I know that silhouette. Broad shoulders, messy hair and head tilted slightly to the side.

It's him my Charlie.

His skin is pale, drained of everything warm, everything human. His jaw hangs slightly open, his eyes glossy and empty. He stares at me through the glass, not blinking, not moving just like Ana did. It makes bile rise in my throat, he lifts one hand and presses it against the glass.

His mouth stretches into a smile "Megan," he whispers.

Even through the closed window, I can hear it perfectly as if he was next to me.

"Come home."

I decide to take slow steps towards the car now the all of a sudden someone show up not just anyone, my mother, my very dead mother "Hi, what are you doing here?" she asks, looking at me "I saw you looking at the big house. What do you know about that place?"

I'm not falling for this bait ever again. She is not keeping me here so everything can start over.

I turn my back towards It and get in the car slowly. I can feel her looking at me as I drive away, I can feel all of them staring. But this is not my place, not my home, not my house.
Title: There’s a Shadow in My Backyard, and It’s Learning to Be Me

It was 1:47 a.m. when I woke up with a start. I found it strange—I almost never wake up during the night. Normally, I sleep straight through, but now I was staring at the little digital clock with a dry mouth. Lucy wasn’t beside me in bed. For a moment I didn’t know where she was, then I remembered: she was working the night shift at the hospital.

Groggy, I crawled out of bed and made my way downstairs to the kitchen for a drink.

The house was empty and silent at night, just like the neighborhood. I loved this house: it was peaceful, in a good location, only a few minutes from downtown. The neighbors were good too—even if the houses and gardens stood close together, we never had any disputes. I was standing in the kitchen, actually thinking about organizing a barbecue party. I sipped at a glass of water—and that’s when I saw it.

A black silhouette. Barely visible in the night’s darkness, yet it stood out against it. At the back of the garden, far away near the fence. A human shape: tall, thin, its outline hardly discernible. And it just stood there, motionless, staring in through the glass doors of the terrace.

A chill ran down my spine. Who the hell was standing in my yard, staring in like that? For a moment, I didn’t dare move. The figure didn’t either. It looked as though it wasn’t even breathing. It just stared inside—stared straight at me. I felt that if I didn’t act now, it would make the first move.

It didn’t take long for my panic to give way to anger. I grabbed the flashlight I kept in one of the kitchen drawers and stormed out onto the veranda. I flung open the glass door to the yard, aimed the beam at the figure—and thought I had lost my mind.

Because there was no one there.

 

There was no one there. I scanned the entire yard. It wasn’t a big garden—Lucy and the kids kept it tidy—so I couldn’t even claim that someone might have hidden behind a bush or in tall grass. I didn’t know what to make of it. I chalked it up to my tired eyes and the fact that I’d been jolted awake in the middle of the night. I must just be exhausted.

I went back inside, to the kitchen, to finish my half-empty glass of water. But as soon as I reached the counter, I saw it again. Out of the corner of my eye, a tall black figure—its outline unmistakable. Standing out there in the garden exactly as before, staring inside.

I swallowed hard. I didn’t dare shout; Francis and Tommy were asleep upstairs, and the neighborhood was utterly silent. I kept my eyes fixed nervously on the motionless figure. This time I decided I’d go out again—but I’d chase it off, whoever it was. I wasn’t about to let someone terrorize me in my own home.

I stomped back toward the rear veranda door, never taking my eyes off the figure outside. I was almost at the door when I noticed something strange. The figure wasn’t just standing still. Its legs moved exactly as mine did. At first, I thought it was a coincidence… but when I stopped, it stopped too. Perfectly in sync.

As if I were looking into my own reflection—only outside, in the dark.

 

I panicked. I paced back and forth in the kitchen. Outside, the figure did the same. It stepped as I did. At first I really thought it was some kind of reflection, but there was something wrong about its steps. As if it were only just learning how to walk—sometimes clumsy, sometimes unsure of where to put its feet. What the hell was this thing in my yard? Why was it imitating me—and, more importantly, what did it want?

I didn’t know what to do. The only idea I had was to shine the flashlight at it again. But the moment I aimed the beam from inside the kitchen, there was nothing. Only the glare of the window reflected back at me. The garden was empty once more.

I switched off the flashlight, and the figure was gone. Vanished. Not even a silhouette at the far edge of the yard. It was as if it had seeped away into the darkness.

For minutes I stood frozen, terrified that it hadn’t truly gone—only hidden somewhere I couldn’t see. I must have stayed there half an hour, staring out through the kitchen window. I looked everywhere, but the figure was nowhere to be found.

Since it was early Thursday morning and I had to work the next day, I eventually went back upstairs. I checked on the boys: they were both sound asleep. From the bedroom window I kept watch over the backyard for a while longer, but the figure never returned. In the end, I drifted off to sleep—though every nerve in me dreaded waking to find it there again.

 

All day, the night before kept creeping back into my thoughts. Why had I woken up so startled? Who—or what—had been in my backyard? I told Lucy about it in the afternoon, but she thought I was joking. She insisted I must have been tired, maybe it was some kind of sleep paralysis. But deep down, I knew it was something else.

Night came again. Lucy had to work early the next morning, so she had already gone to bed. I couldn’t rest. The kids were asleep, and I stood in the kitchen, just watching. Sometime around half past midnight I dozed off on the couch. I woke stiff and sore. The house was dark, lit only by the glow of the television. Groggy, I stumbled into the kitchen for a drink of water. That was when I remembered why I’d stayed up so late in the first place.

It was there again. In the yard. The black, human-shaped shadow. Watching.

Suspicious, I stared back at it. I pressed closer to the window, trying to make out what it was. But it didn’t move—just stood there, tall and thin, a black silhouette.

Then an idea flashed in my mind. I rushed to grab my phone from the couch and sprinted back to the kitchen.

I snapped a picture, but in the night’s darkness, hardly anything showed. Maybe there was a figure on the screen… or maybe it was just some artifact of the grainy shot.

But as I held up my phone and took photos of the shadow, it began copying me. Clumsily, as if it didn’t really have proper fingers. It lifted its arm, but the wrist bent wrong, the fingers more like long, brittle sticks. It pretended to take a picture too, though its hand moved in a way that looked like it might snap in half.

 

I stared out the kitchen window again, nerves tight as wire. The black figure didn’t move—it just kept watching our windows. Then, suddenly, it began to shift. But this time, it wasn’t mimicking me. It moved as if it were searching for someone, glancing around in those jerky, clumsy motions. What the hell was it doing? Then, just as suddenly, it froze again.

 

“Gordon, what are you doing?” Lucy’s voice whispered behind me.

 

My heart nearly gave out. I hadn’t even noticed her. I’d been completely consumed, lost in watching the figure in the yard.

 

“What?” I stammered, startled.

 

“What are you doing, Gordon?” she hissed irritably. “It’s three in the morning and you’re standing here, staring out the kitchen window. What the hell are you doing?”

 

“Come, look!” I said quickly, almost excited.

 

Lucy walked over beside me. She had been heading for the coffee machine anyway, but at least now she peered out the window into the dark.

At first, she just rolled her eyes. But the moment she saw it, the color drained from her face. She stepped back, as if the glass could no longer protect her from the night. I could tell she saw it too. The figure in our backyard terrified her as much as it did me.

 

“What the fuck is that, Gordon?” she whispered, panic creeping into her voice.

 

I just shook my head. I didn’t know what we were looking at. Was it even human? Or was it something else entirely—something not of this world?

 

“Gordon, call the police,” Lucy said, pale as a ghost.

 

“And what am I supposed to tell them, Lucy?” I snapped back nervously. “That there’s a shadow in my backyard?”

 

She glared at me, furious now. I knew that look—if I pushed her further, she’d be far scarier than the thing standing outside.

Lucy was the one who finally called the police. She didn’t give me much time to react, but I understood—she was nervous and scared.

Meanwhile, I kept my eyes fixed on the figure while Lucy spoke on the phone. The black shadow didn’t move. Or rather, it just copied Lucy as she talked. As I watched, I noticed it was getting better at it—mimicking her gestures more smoothly, almost naturally.

 

“In a few minutes they’ll be here. What is that thing doing?” Lucy whispered, stepping up beside me.

 

“It’s copying you,” I said flatly. “While you were on the phone. Now it’s just staring.”

 

“This thing gives me chills, Gordon,” Lucy said, gripping my arm. “I feel so damn unsafe, and I’m scared for the kids.”

 

“The boys are fine,” I answered calmly. “I already checked on them.”

 

We didn’t move from the kitchen window. We just stood there, staring out, until Lucy finally noticed the flash of police headlights outside our house.

Two officers arrived. Lucy went upstairs to the kids, and I only looked away from the shadow long enough to let them in. But when we returned to the kitchen, it was gone. The yard was dark and empty.

The officers searched the whole garden, even took a quick look through the house, but they didn’t find anything. We didn’t tell them exactly what we had seen—truthfully, we didn’t know ourselves. I just said that someone had been standing in the yard, and we had no idea who it was.

The whole police matter went nowhere.

Lucy eventually left for work. I managed to get a little sleep after the officers were gone. They had promised to patrol the neighborhood and check in on our house from time to time.

The black figure didn’t return. But it took me a long time to fall asleep again—this had been the second time I’d seen it, and the second time it had simply vanished.

 

My Friday went by quickly. I dropped the kids off at school, and since it was Friday, I only had a short day at the office. But when I got home, I was in for a surprise: Lucy was sitting in the living room, all our things packed up for the four of us.

She said she wasn’t staying here any longer. We should all go to her parents’. But I didn’t want to leave our house. It was ours, our home. I wasn’t going to throw it away because of some shadow—I was made of tougher stuff than that. We argued for a while, and in the end she and the kids went to her parents’ for the weekend, while I stayed behind to settle this shadow business once and for all.

The first thing I did was get a camera. I set up a night-vision camera outside, aimed directly at the spot where the shadow usually appeared. My second step was buying a gas pistol. I was sure tonight would be the end of these scare tactics.

By evening, I had locked myself in the bedroom. I watched the garden camera feed from my laptop, running on pure caffeine to make sure I’d stay awake until the shadow finally showed up.

 

I must have dozed off. When I woke up, it was well past midnight. My laptop had already locked itself. Panicked, I unlocked it and switched to the garden camera.

The feed showed nothing. The yard was completely empty. But when I turned the volume up to hear the audio, I caught something.

 

 “Was it seen here yesterday too?” a man’s voice asked.

 

Then came only garbled noises, like someone trying to speak but unable to form words.

I knew it was the shadow. I grabbed the pistol and, like someone who didn’t know fear, stomped down to the kitchen.

It was there again, standing in the garden. The whole thing was baffling: on the camera, nothing showed—but in person, it stood right there. I yanked open the veranda door and aimed the gas pistol at the shadow.

 

 “Get the hell out of here, you bastard!” I yelled.

 

It didn’t move. Instead, with strange, twisted, sluggish gestures, it mimed aiming something back at me—though its hands were empty.

In my fury, I pulled the trigger. The pistol went off with a loud pop, and the round struck the garden fence. It passed straight through the figure as if it truly were nothing but shadow.

I stood there slack-jawed. How could I ever have thought a gas pistol would stop this thing? As I lowered my weapon, it lowered its hands too. I just stood in the veranda doorway, staring into the dark at the tall black silhouette that could never be fully made out.

 

“What the hell are you?” I whispered, almost only to myself.

 

“Gordon, what are you doing?” Lucy’s voice spoke.

 

But Lucy wasn’t there. She hadn’t come home to check on me. The voice came from outside—from the garden, where the figure stood.

Goosebumps covered me, my legs trembling.

 

“Sir, I’m afraid we didn’t find anything.” Another voice followed, this time a man’s. It was the policeman’s voice from last night.

 

Ice flooded my veins. What the hell was this thing in my garden? We’d lived here seven years—why now? Why here?

And that was the moment my courage gave out completely.

 

“What should I tell them, Lucy?” came my own voice from the garden.

 

And the instant it spoke those words, the shadow bolted—straight at me. It sprinted like a professional runner.

Terrified, I dashed back into the kitchen, snatched the car keys from the nightstand, and ran out the front door. Behind me I heard pounding footsteps gaining on me, and over and over, my own voice repeating:

 

 “What should I tell them, Lucy?”

 

I flew out of the house straight to my car. I jumped in, fumbling with the ignition. And then I saw it: a black figure standing in the open doorway of the house. It was so tall it nearly reached the top of the frame.

It didn’t chase me. It only stood there, staring. As I pulled away in the car, I caught one last glimpse of it in the rearview mirror—raising a hand to wave goodbye. First stiff and jerky, as if it couldn’t move its arms properly… then suddenly smooth, like the wave of an old friend.
Title: The walls in my house are talking to me.

I know how this sounds.
I know exactly how insane it looks written out like this. But I don’t care anymore. I need help. I need someone to take me seriously before I lose my fucking mind.

The past two weeks have been some of the hardest of my life, and on top of that, something has been happening in my new home. Something I can’t explain. Something I can’t ignore. And something that’s getting worse every single night. I’ve never believed in the paranormal. I don’t believe in religion. I always thought people who said shit like this were just stressed or imagining things.

But I’m not imagining this.
I know I’m not.
And that’s what terrifies me the most.

Every time I tell someone what I’ve been hearing, I get the same useless answers:

“You’re just hearing things.”
“It’s animals in the walls.”
“You’re probably sleepwalking.”

I swear to God, if one more person tells me I’m just tired or that I should just leave the house if I’m so scared, I’m going to snap. Something is happening in my house. Something is wrong, and I can feel it watching me even as I write this.

I’m tired of pretending I’m okay.
I’m tired of trying to rationalise something that doesn’t make sense.
I’m tired of lying awake every night, waiting for whatever this is to start again.

So, without further ado, I’m going to tell you everything that’s happened over the last two weeks.

I just hope writing it down doesn’t make it worse.

“Hello, Christopher,” my mum sang as I stepped into the room, her voice soft but hollow, like she was remembering a song she used to love but couldn’t remember why.

Those words hit my chest like a brick every single time.

“I’m Sam, Mum… Christopher died many years ago.”
The words came out quiet and tired. It was the third time I’d told her that day. The third time I’d watched the same wound open in her mind like it was brand new.

She smiled at me, wide and certain.
“Oh, don’t be so silly. I think I’d know my Christopher when I saw him.”

Something inside me broke a little more.

Dementia doesn’t just steal memories.
It steals people.
Piece by piece.
Until all that’s left is the shape of someone you love, walking around with their soul slowly slipping through their fingers.

Most illnesses eat away at your body.
This one eats away at everything that made you you.
Simple things brushing your hair, tying your shoes become long, exhausting missions. Names fade. Faces blur. You start looking at the people who raised you, who held you, who loved you… and all you see is a stranger.

Sometimes I watch her stare at herself in the mirror, confused, like she’s trying to remember who that woman is the one with tired eyes and a trembling jaw. I want to tell her. I want to remind her who she used to be. But I know the moment will slip away again, like trying to hold water in cupped hands.

If I ever had kids, I’d tell them,
“If this illness ever gets me… take me out back and end it. Please.”
Not because I’m scared of dying, but because I’m terrified of becoming a ghost in my own life, wandering through rooms full of people who cry when I walk past because I don’t know their faces anymore.

They say that once dementia reaches the final stage, the person suffering lives in a kind of ignorant bliss.
But the people around them don’t.
They get to watch the person they love dissolve, slowly and painfully, right in front of them. They hold their hand while they forget birthdays, inside jokes, childhood stories, the names of the people they brought into this world.

I look at my mum the woman who held me through nightmares, stayed awake all night when I was sick, worked double shifts so I could have school shoes and all I see now is someone slipping away.

And there’s nothing I can do.
No medicine.
No treatment.
No amount of begging or praying.

Just a slow, quiet goodbye, happening a dozen times a day.

Every time she calls me “Christopher,” I lose her all over again.

I’m sitting by her bedside in the old rocking chair I brought from her lonely wooden cabin on the outskirts of town, running my fingers over the tiny indents worn into the armrests where she rested her elbows over the years. The varnish around them has faded to a dull, pale colour, like the chair itself is tired.

The door behind me swings open softly.

“Hi, Beth. Just coming in to drop off some food for you,” a gentle voice says.

I turn and see Cat the nurse who’s been taking care of my mum for the past year. She’s in her late twenties, very pretty, and the only thing stopping me from asking her out for a coffee is the large emerald-encrusted wedding ring on her finger. And the fact that it would be wildly inappropriate.

She brushes her hand lightly across my shoulder.
“Hi, Sammy. I hope you’re doing okay.”

Her voice sounds almost musical, like it isn’t coming from a person but from something gentler.

I nod. I don’t need to say anything. The pain in my eyes says more than words ever could, and she understands instantly.

“Would you like a hand eat—”

My mum cuts her off.

“DOES IT FUCKING LOOK LIKE I NEED HELP, YOU STUPID LITTLE WHORE?”

Spit flies from her mouth with every word.

Cat doesn’t respond. She just takes a long, steadying breath and walks out of the room, shoulders slumped.

“MUM,” I snap. “You can’t talk to her like that. I’ve had enough.”

“Shut up, Chris. I don’t like how that slut calls you by your brother’s name,” she shoots back.

I don’t say anything. I stand up, walk calmly to the door, open it gently… then slam it shut. The sound echoes through the empty hallway, bouncing off the walls until it feels like the air itself is shaking. The pungent stink of day-old piss and disinfectant floods my sinuses. Even after a year and a half of visiting, I still can’t get used to that smell.

I head toward the exit for some fresh air. A voice calls out from my left, but I’m too focused on getting outside to hear what it says.

I turn and see an open door. That’s where the voice came from.

I take a few steps toward it, my head still turned, drawn to the room. Before I reach the doorway, an old woman comes scrambling out. She grabs me and slams me into the wall with a strength that makes no sense for someone her size.

She slaps me across the face, eyes wide and glassy, breath thick and sour, and begins chanting:

“Tap tap tap on the bedroom wall…
Knock knock knock goes the hallway walls…
Ding ding ding goes the clock…”

I shove her off me before she can finish, sending her stumbling backward.

I don’t say a word.
I just run.

I sprint for the exit, barely registering the woman at the front desk stepping forward to unlock the door.
“Thank you,” I gasp as I burst outside and collapse against the wall, hyperventilating, sucking in as much fresh air as I can to drown out the smell and the words echoing in my head.

When my breathing finally settles, I glance between the bus stop and the door.

“I have to say goodbye to Mum,” I whisper.

As I make my way back inside, dread washes over me. Pressing the button to be let in only makes it worse. When the doors open, the smell hits me again—but this time it’s different. Sickly sweet. Like rotten fruit left in the sun. A faint breeze behind me is the only thing stopping it from overwhelming me.

The doors close.

The smell slams into me. My stomach lurches, vomit crawling up my throat as I swallow hard. Fighting it back, I force myself down the hallway.

With every step, the stench grows stronger. Especially as I near the room the woman came out of earlier. The sound of gagging and dry heaving echoes faintly off the walls.

Just as I reach the doorway, my heart starts hammering.

The door bursts open.

Someone rushes out but this time it isn’t the old woman.

It’s Cat.

She barely looks at me before collapsing over the bin beside the door, emptying whatever she had for lunch into it. I gag, tears burning my eyes, and look past her into the room.

Two men in masks are dragging something heavy out of a hole in the wall a hole that must have been hidden behind a bookshelf, judging by the broken shelves scattered across the floor.

The body is bloated. Ruined. At least a week or two old. Its clothes are shredded, stuck to flesh barely holding together. Maggots writhe inside the open cavity of its stomach, crawling over one another in a living mass.

The face is almost unrecognisable.

Almost.

I know exactly who it is.

It’s the old woman.
The same one who spoke to me less than five minutes ago.

Her mouth is frozen in a toothless grin, eyes wide and glassy.

And she’s staring straight at me.

I’m sorry, but that’s all I’m going to write tonight. That last paragraph took me way too long because my hands won’t stop shaking. I need to try and get some sleep. I just hope the tapping doesn’t start again tonight. I can’t deal with it anymore. I haven’t had a good night’s sleep in weeks.

I’d really appreciate any thoughts or ideas about what I’ve written so far, because even now, two weeks later, I still don’t have a single answer.

I keep asking myself the same question over and over again.

If that woman was already dead…
who the fuck. grabbed me in that hallway?
Title: Return to sender

**The day before Christmas Eve, I caught my wife with another man. Heartbroken and alone, I tried to get revenge — but when mysterious gifts appeared on my doorstep on Christmas morning, the real nightmare began…**

I hadn’t expected to walk in on my wife and her lover the day before Christmas Eve. Any day would’ve been enough to destroy me — but the day before Christmas Eve was something else entirely. It was brutal.

When the shouting finally stopped and she packed a suitcase before storming out the door, I told myself she just needed time to cool off. She’d be back in a few hours, I kept insisting.

Instead, a moving company showed up. Swiftly and without a word, they loaded her furniture — my *ex-wife’s* furniture — into a truck and drove away. 
 By the next day, the apartment echoed with emptiness. The only things the movers had left behind were the Christmas tree… and the pile of presents beneath it.

I decided to strike back. I tossed all of her gifts into the trash and mailed my presents straight to her lover’s address. It felt right. Almost liberating.

Early on Christmas morning, the doorbell rang. I slipped on my robe, stepped into my slippers, and headed downstairs. When I opened the door, a heap of Christmas presents sat on the front step.

“Reconciliation gifts from the missus,” I muttered with a smirk. “Won’t be long before she’s back, teary-eyed, begging to be let in.”

I carried the presents into the living room. There were more than I expected — enough that I had to make several trips up and down the stairs to bring them all inside.

When I was done, I brewed a cup of coffee, made myself a ham-and-mustard sandwich, and sank into my old armchair. The smell of coffee filled the room, mixing with the dry scent of pine needles.

I picked up the first present. It was beautifully wrapped in shiny paper decorated with little Christmas trees on a golden background. The tag read:

**“Merry Christmas — from a secret admirer.”**

The handwriting was mine.

A deep crease formed between my eyebrows. I tore off the wrapping paper. 
 The moment I opened the box, a sharp, blinding pain stabbed through my little finger. I gasped — and then I saw it. Inside the box lay a bloody finger.

My thumb.

I looked down at my left hand — the thumb was gone. Only a bleeding stump remained.

Swearing loudly, I rushed into the kitchen, ripped off a wad of paper towel, and wrapped it tightly around the wound. My head throbbed. My heart hammered against my ribs.

I shouldn’t keep going. Every instinct screamed at me to stop.

But curiosity — that damned, gnawing curiosity — pushed me to open another package.

When I lifted the lid, a searing pain shot through my left ear. Warm blood trickled down my neck. Sure enough, inside the box lay a bloody ear.

My ear.

I sat frozen in the armchair. The clock ticked. My coffee had gone cold. Blood pooled on the floor beneath me.

A larger package caught my eye. With trembling hands, I picked it up and gave it a gentle shake.

The pain hit again — this time deep in my throat.

I carefully set the box down, grabbed my phone with shaking fingers, and dialed 911.
Title: Where is the blood coming from?

I'm a longtime lurker here and thought I would share something that happened to my parents about 30 years ago. I'm a huge fan of paranormal stories, I love trying to rack my brain for explanations but this story has always stumped me, my parents (both skeptics) and anyone they've shared it with. So I'd love to hear if anyone else has experienced anything like this or has a reasonable explanation for it.

In 1995, my parents lived in Bangalore, India for about a year due to a contract job my dad had found there. It was meant to be a temporary gig so when his office offered them a duplex apartment to rent, they gladly took it. It came with the usual perks of upper middle class India, i.e., a couple of bustling maids that took care of the cleaning, groceries, and most of the cooking. Life was bliss for them, a childless almost newly-married couple, with basically everything taken care of.

At the time, my mum wasn't working so she stayed at home while my dad went to work. On their floor, there was another apartment with an older woman living in it, who she politely said hello to a few times but she always looked at my mum a bit strangely and that made her a bit uncomfortable. On their third or fourth interaction, the older woman asked her, "Are you okay living in that flat?", to which my mum had probably nodded, and she asked her again, "Do you not sense anything?", which was a confusing question to my mum but the woman didn't explain further. Eventually, she started telling mum to not stay there by herself whenever she ran into her, and my mum thought maybe she was just a bit confused and paranoid, maybe due to her age.

On some random sunny and cool morning, at around 8 AM, everything was normal. One of the maids had just mopped the floor, my mum and paternal grandmother (who was visiting them briefly) were in the kitchen, and my dad was in the living room on one of the armchairs, reading the newspaper. The set up was such that there were two armchairs with a small table in the middle for the landline phone, and a large balcony with sliding doors to the left, if you were sitting on one of the chairs.

The phone rang. My mum picked it up, and it was a relative calling them to break the news that my maternal great grandmother had passed away, she was over 90 and had passed due to natural causes. My mum was very close to her grandmother so she was naturally quiet upset. She then handed the receiver to my dad to also speak to whoever was calling them. When he stretched his arm to take it, a big drop of something that looked like blood fell on the floor. Then another smaller drop fell after that, then another one, and another one, until it finally stopped near the sliding doors, skipping my dad's feet. They describe it as the kind of blood you'd see if you cut your wrist open.

After speaking and hanging up the phone, both of them stared at each other in absolute confusion. The maid had just cleaned the floors, neither of them were cut anywhere, the ceiling had no leaks...then what just happened? Even though they were skeptics, they could not find a single reasonable explanation to what that was. The maid, who was still around, refused to go anywhere near it so it stayed. Eventually, the "blood" dried up, and turned brownish and powdery. With time, they had to stop dwelling on whatever that was and their lives went back to normal. My mum, a little confused and concerned, took the old woman's advice and would now spend her afternoons at a nearby library. My dad would meet her there on the way back from work, and then they'd come home together.

Months passed, and this incident had been pushed aside almost entirely. It was their last night in that house. The following morning, they would catch an early flight and leave Bangalore for good. They were both in their bedroom, packing and organizing for the trip. My mum accidentally dropped something on the ground and when she went to pick it up, it was action replay. The exact same thing happened again, one big drop followed by smaller drops, skipping her hand. This time, it freaked them out to the point of them considering a hotel for the few hours they had left in that house. They left Bangalore without any explanation for it.

The next young couple that was scheduled to move in there were also friends of my parents, contracted by the same company. They were even bigger skeptics and paid no heed to anything my parents told them, and so they moved in. On some night, the wife woke up thirsty in the middle of the night and walked downstairs to the kitchen to get some water. When she was on her way back up the stairs, the same thing happened. With every step she took, a drop of blood fell next to her foot, and then another, and another. It scared her tremendously and she had an epileptic seizure and fell. The sound woke her husband up, and he came running and helped her back to bed. She was eventually fine.

In the morning, however, the husband was convinced that it was some kind of practical joke. He scraped up the blood, now dried, using some stiff cardboard and put it in a tiny bottle to get it tested at a lab on the way to work. When he stepped out of the building, he hailed an autorickshaw or auto for short (3-wheeler, also called a tuktuk elsewhere) and got in. The second he got in, the driver somehow lost all control, the auto spun 360 degrees, flung him and his office bag out. The driver was fine but the husband had a broken arm, and the tiny bottle couldn't be found anywhere even though it was in a deep pocket in his zipped office bag.

There are a few smaller instances from this apartment but this is quite long already so I'll close it here. Lastly, the apartment still exists and we've passed by it several times during our trips to Bangalore.
Title: Do not accept the invitation to join this dream study

“Are you ready?” the lab assistant asked.

“Never been more ready” I replied. I looked to my right. Katherine had also put on the helmet. To my left, Hector was fiddling with his. To his left, Steven had put his on and was waiting for it to activate.

The neurosurgery department at our university was making breakthroughs with a new piece of technology that they thought would be revolutionary. It was a machine that, when put to your head, can totally immerse you in another space. When multiple machines are connected, it could allow you to explore the dreams of other people. I heard that gaming companies and police investigators were already eyeing the entire project.

Me, Hector and Katherine were a group of friends in college. We met each other through a class camping trip and had many things in common. One of which was that we were all broke college students, so when the professor handed out flyers for taking part in a dream experiment, we all agreed. I meant $300 for half a day’s worth of lying around on some brain machine? Easy money. At least that was what I thought.

Me and my friends were pumped to explore each other’s dream. The only odd one out was Steven. The team of scientists said something about wanting to test different relationship dynamics when multiple people are connected, so we reluctantly agreed. We knew nothing of Steven, but he looked harmless enough. Also joining us was Professor Wilkin – the entire machine was his brainchild. He wanted to showcase how confident he was in his creation by being among the first to experience it.

Our contraptions were fastened. The scientists gave us a small pill and told us it was to aid in our sleep. It smelled of mint. Once we were all finished, the scientists told us to just lie still and the machine would take care of the rest.

“Once more unto the breach, dear friends” Professor Wilkin said before we began. After a couple of minutes, my hands and feet got tingly. Then, the scenery outside started to blur and I fell asleep.

I opened my eyes. The scenery was a mix of purple and orange haze. I pinched myself; the stinging sensation was distant but present. I was standing near a water fountain that spouted purple water. I walked around for a while before finding an old man, playing a guitar. His hands were strumming, but no sound came out of the guitar. Instead, colorful shapes of notes flew out and dissipated into the air.

“Where am I” I asked the old man. There was no sound. Instead, the words flew out in letters of various fonts.

“Where music is silent” the old man replied, the word “music” turning all sorts of different colors.

I left the old man and searched around. Soon, I found Hector. He was watching a team of mermaids near a purple lake singing out their notes, the shapes of their notes round and long. I patted him on the back. He turned back and put a finger across his mouth in a “shh” motion. I asked him anyway whose dream he thought this belonged to. He turned back and said “Isn’t it obvious, it’s Katherine’s.” and he pointed towards the middle of the mermaid group. Katherine was sitting there, singing and brushing her hair. In real life she was a brunette, but in this dream her hair was scarlet red. The words flying over our heads alarmed the group of mermaids and they dove underwater. Katherine saw us and her fish lower body turned to legs. She walked towards us.

“How are you guys finding my dream?” she asked, her words appearing a mix of purple, pink and orange.

“Interesting” me and Hector said in unison and our words collided before disappearing like a puff of smoke. We walked around for a while before the sky started pulsating. The colors started shifting to a green hue. We found Dr. Wilkin next to a small lake, he was standing on the side, observing something. As we got closer, we realized what was happening. Steven was beating up a mermaid. He stomped on her fish tail, slapped her face and touched all over her. The mermaid was still smiling and didn’t seem to react to his actions. Seeing us, he stopped.

“What the fuck do you think you are doing?” Katherine asked, her words were red hot.

“What do you care? It’s not real. Nothing we do inside here is,” Steven answered. He stood up and gave the mermaid a final kick before approaching us.

“It’s still my dream you creep,” Katherine said. “Why didn’t you stop him?” she faced the professor.

“I’m strictly here to observe,” he answered. His words were plain white.

Katherine moved as if to say something. Then a door appeared from nowhere. It was just like a regular wooden door, except it had no handle. The door opened.

“You guys coming?” Steven asked and walked in first. We soon followed and the professor walked in last.

The sounds returned. In fact, they were the first of my senses that I felt. I opened my eyes. I was in a cubicle. Surrounding me are the sounds of keyboards and mice, clicking away in a constant drum. The colors drained away. Everything was black and white and drab grey. I stood up and looked over the panels. All around me were cubicles, as far as the eye could see. The people were all wearing short-sleeved shirts, black pants and grey ties. They all had the same hairstyle, but none of them had a face. Or they had faces but no features, no eyes, no nose, no mouth and no brows. I leaned over and asked one of them where I was. He made a shush motion before going back to the blank computer screen, clicking away endlessly.

I walked around for a bit before hearing some commotion. It sounded like arguing. I approached the noise. It was Katherine. She was arguing with one of the faceless workers. I tapped on her shoulder. She turned back, startled.

“Damn, you scared me. I was arguing with this moron, there’s no point to him working. It’s not real. He wouldn’t listen,” she gestured to the worker who had returned to his screen. “Strange place huh, whose dream do you think this is?”

“Let me see, endlessly repetitive work. Boring desk job. Colorless world. Pretty sure it’s Hector’s dream”

“Where is he anyway? How can someone’s dream be so boring?”

“Guessing this is more of a nightmare. Come one, let’s find him,” I told her.

We soon found Steven. He was, once again, beating on someone - a worker this time, smashing up his computer, using the keyboard to hit him in the face and cursing him out.

“What’s his problem? Will this guy just destroy everything wherever we go?” Katherine asked me. I shrugged. Steven was a riddle. None of us knew anything about him, save for Professor Wilkin. My guess was that they chose a violent man to see how we would react to him in our dreams.

On seeing us, Steven gave the worker one final punch and stood up.

“Hey, found your guy, but he’s busy” he said and gestured to a direction with 4 long lines of people all converging on one point. We skipped through the line and received boos and yells from the workers in line. When we arrived at Hector’s cubicle, he was typing away at his keyboard, his fingers punching the key like he was angry. He seemed like he was filling out a form on the computer screen. As soon as he was done with one form, the people at the top of the line soon gave him 4 more. The pile at his desk grew so tall that it touched the ceiling, but Hector wasn’t done typing. Besides him, Professor Wilkin was again observing without saying anything. His eyes followed Hector’s movements.

We arrived. I tapped Hector on the shoulder. He didn’t react. Katherine did the same thing. Still no reaction. He was typing away, his eyes focused on the computer screen.

“Gotta finish the forms” he muttered.

At that moment, Steven jumped in and kicked the computer screen to pieces. Hector snapped out of what he was doing and looked at us. He looked terrified.

“Oh my god, thank you for getting me out of that” he told Steven and even shook his hand. Steven gave us a self-assured look, as if taunting us that his violence actually helped.

Soon, another door opened. This one was made of old wood with the finish full of scratches. We followed the door and as always, Professor Wilkin was last.

I opened my eyes. I was lying in a child’s bunkbed. I felt small. Somehow, I fitted into the mini bed. I put my hand in front of me. My fingers were small and tubby. I was definitely a child again.

“Hey, anyone else here?” a voice rang out. It was Hector’s. What was strange was that the voice sounded adult-like.

“I’m here,” I answered with my own voice, feeling the treble and the bass ringing. Yep. No doubt about it. I was a child with the voice of an adult.

“Where the hell are we?” Hector asked.

I looked around. We were in what looked like a regular child’s bedroom. There was a wardrobe, a book case, a desk, some posters of Paul Bunyan and one that reads: “American Tall Tales: Paul Bunyan” with an image of him carrying a deer on his shoulder.

I jumped down from the bunk bed. Hector rose up from the bed beneath mine. He had short hair that looked like they were beginning to turn brown. On seeing each other, we broke out laughing. I guessed seeing tiny version of ourselves was an unintended side effect of the dream machine. Soon, Katherine walked in. Her hair had reached a bit below her ears. She wore a yellow dress. We laughed at each other for a while.

“Steve, you home?” a harsh voice called from downstairs. No one answered.

“Steve, where are you? Don’t let me come up there, boy,” the harsh voice repeated, the sounds slurred. It sounded like whoever said it was three sheets to the wind.

We heard sniffles. It came from the wardrobe. Katherine opened it. Inside it was a boy. I realized it was Steven, though what confidence he had was gone. He was cupping his hands to his face and crying.

“Steven, is that your father calling you?” I asked him. His hands were still cupping his face and started shaking.

“Stepfather” he replied.

“Steven goddamn it you dumb ass. You forgot to mow the lawn again” the voice was closer and closer. The sound of feet striking the wooden stairs reverberated throughout the room and made Steven jump. The door sprang open. A man walked in. He was a mountain of meat wearing jeans with a belt and a checkered shirt. His beard was thick and smelled of alcohol. He looked just like Paul Bunyan. To us, the man looked like a giant. He pushed through us all and looked around the room. There were sniffles again. The man turned to the wardrobe and found Steven, who cried louder. In the commotion, I realized that right behind the man was Professor Wilkin. He was still an adult.

“What did I tell you? You mow the goddamn lawn when I told you to. You disobeyed. Do you know what that means?” Steven’s stepfather asked and took off his belt. Steven put up his arms to cover his head. We moved to stop him, but he pushed us away like toys with just a simple wave of his arm.

Then he started hitting Steven. *Swish. Thwack. Swish. Thwack*. The sounds were crisp and clear. The man brought up the belt, holding the buckle. Then he brought it down. *Swish. Thwack. Swish. Thwack*. With each strike, Steven’s arms grew redder and redder until they bled. The man only stopped after that. He gave Steven a final warning look before going away.

Steven got up and got out of the wardrobe.

“I’m so sorry,” Katherine said.

“It’s nothing,” Steven replied.

We stood around for a good while. Then, another door opened. Katherine turned to Steven and asked him before we entered.

“I know it’s awful to ask, but why did you dream of mermaid when your step father was hitting you?”

“What do you mean? I’m not thinking about some girly mermaid in my dream.”

“Because I saw them in the other room.” Katherine replied. At this, Professor Wilkin’s face darkened.

“Are you absolutely sure that you saw a mermaid? Like the ones in your dream?” the professor asked.

“Pretty sure yeah”

“Then maybe the spillover effect happened” Professor Wilkin sounded serious.

“What’s the spillover effect?” I asked him.

“It’s only a theory, but it’s when dreams spill over and start affecting each other.”

“Why didn’t you tell us about this before we went in?” Katherine asked.

“This is the first time for a lot of things. I’m sorry, I’ll adjust the machine when we get out.”

“When are we getting out of this anyway?” I asked him.

“When we have visited all of our dreams. We got two left. Yours and mine,” he looked at me.

We walked through the door. The landscape was desolate. I immediately looked at myself. I was a cartoon character. The shapes that made up my body were constantly moving and reshaping just like a cartoon. I spoke and there was sound, but there were also shapes of letter above my head. Soon, I found Hector. He was also drawn like a cartoon character, with shapes constantly moving. He was watching a team of mermaids near a purple lake singing out their notes, the shapes of their notes round and long. I patted him on the back. He turned back and put a finger across his mouth in a “shh” motion.

Wait, this felt familiar. I asked him anyway whose dream he thought this belonged to. He turned back and said “Isn’t it obvious, it’s Katherine’s.”

“Wait a minute, I told you that already,” he added, his face perplexed.

“Trippy. Let’s go find the others” I told him. We walked around for a while before finding an old man surrounded by mermaids. We approached the old man, asking him where we were. But before we could reach him, the mermaids looked up. They all had the same hairstyle, but none of them had a face. Or they had faces but no features, no eyes, no nose, no mouth and no brows. They said in unison “where music is silent” before dragging us both down. Our lower bodies slowly sunk into the ground and before I could notice, I was once again in an office, surrounding me were the sounds of keyboards and mice, clicking away. I stood up and pinched myself. The sensation was distant but present. Hector was in the next cubicle and he jumped over to mine.

I stood up and looked to the center. There were endless lines of bearded men, mountains of meat each wearing jeans with a belt and a checkered shirt. They all looked like Paul Bunyan. They were lining up, belts in their hands. Steven was in the center, where the lines converged. The men at the front of the lines were beating on him. *Swish. Thwack. Swish. Thwack.* After they were done, they were replaced by those behind them. We approached to stop the beating, but soon the men dragged us down, our lower body sinking to the ground. Steven sunk too.

I opened my eyes. I was a child again. My fingers were small and tubby. Next to me, Hector became a mermaid, his face a mismatch with the rest of his body. I spoke, but my words were slurred together as if I was drunk. Hector’s mouth spoke, but only words flew out. We walked on to find others.

Soon, we saw the sounds of “Pow”, “Whack”, “Thud”. And we saw who was behind it. Professor Wilkin was beating on a mermaid.

“What the fuck do you think you are doing?” I asked him.

“What do you care? It’s not real. Nothing we do inside here is,” he answered and as if realized something, stopped and looked at us. I looked at the mermaid, she was Katherine. Her facial features seemed to change by the second, swirling around like a Rorschach test.

“I’m so sorry. This wasn’t supposed to happen,” he said.

“What is going on?” Hector asked him, his words a wobbly mix of purple and orange.

“The spillover effect is getting stronger. The dreams have mixed with each other. If the effect is strong enough, we could experience dreams within dreams. There’s no telling when we will get out” he added.

“Okay, this is really freaking me out” I said to them. No one replied. We stood there for a while before another door opened. Behind the door was a tunnel. The tunnel was made up of endless doors. I rushed into it, hoping to escape this dream.

I stepped out of the tunnel into a brick floor. I was once again near a water fountain, spouting purple water. It was nighttime. I looked up. There were countless brick floor platforms with water fountains above me in all sorts of directions. I walked behind one fountain and ended up on another platform perpendicular to the one I was at. I stepped back, parts of my body appeared on one platform and the remaining on another. I stepped through fountains after fountains, ending up at platform after platform, until I heard something. I looked up. No, the sound was to my left. I looked up, to my left. Someone was beating someone. I moved through the platforms until I got to a parallel platform. It was Steven. He was a mountain of meat, wearing jeans with a belt and a checkered shirt. He was beating on his dad. They both looked like Paul Bunyan. I hopped platform to get closer to them. No, it wasn’t his dad he was beating on. It was Professor Wilkin. I stopped Steven’s hand. He was crying.

“It’s okay” I told him.

I looked at Professor Wilkin. “Where are we now?” I asked him. “Where there is no music,” he replied and his face turned into a tunnel. The tunnel was made up of endless doors. I was sucked in. I flew through the endless doors and ended up at the lab. Tied to the machine.

“Thank God! You guys gotta get me the hell out of this thing now!” I screamed at the lab assistants. But they had no face. Or rather, they had faces but no features, no eyes, no nose, no mouth and no brows.

They said in unison “Once more unto the breach, dear friend” and my head swirled.

“No no no” I roared before I was plunged into another dream.

I was looking at a mermaid. The mermaid looked up and she was Katherine. No, she was Hector, then Steven, then Professor Wilkin now. She dragged me into the ground. I sank through the ground into a purple and orange landscape. No, it was drab grey now. All surrounding me were rows of people. One row was an infinite number of Katherines. Another was an infinite number of Hectors. Then endless rows of Stevens and Professors Wilkin. They all screamed at me. “Once more unto the breach, dear friend.” They were mountains of meat, wearing jeans with belts and checkered shirts, Paul Bunyans. They took out the belts and the world melted away.

I was on a precipice. Beneath me were jagged stone edges, at the tip of them were mermaids. But in the bottom were a blurry mix of swirling colors and faces. Hovering in the air was a door. Before I knew what I was doing, I was doing a running jump. I sprang with all the force I had left, screaming. One of my hands reached the lower door frame and I caught on. I slowly crawled up and got in the door. Suddenly, everything was dark.

I woke up screaming. I was in the real world. The lab assistants rushed to remove the machine from my head.

“Are you okay? Your brainwaves just spiked for a minute there,” one of them told me. I said I wasn’t sure this was real. I pinched myself and it hurt. I looked at my friends and Professor Wilkin. They were still hooked up to the machine. The lab assistant caught my look and told me that their brain waves were still too high, if they disconnected the device that would cause a sudden change and they may not be able to adjust to reality.

I went outside for fresh air.

The others woke up soon after. They all did so screaming. The lab made us sign a non-disclosure agreement. But I couldn’t do it. I had to tell you, other someone was foolish enough to take part in that experiment again. I wouldn’t do it again. Not for a million bucks. Consider this my warning, stay away from it.

There were times when I sit alone and my head would swirl, and my vision would flicker. I pinched myself and my heart jumped whenever the sensation felt distant. Sometimes, I heard the familiar saying rang out in my ears “Once more unto the breach, dear friend.”
Title: My friend visited me after the funeral. I just wish it wasn’t his.

I keep trying to convince myself to stop shaking, but it’s like my body is still running even though I’ve been sitting here for twenty minutes trying to type this out. My hands won’t listen. 

My breath keeps tightening into these small, sharp bursts that feel like I’m inhaling needles. The whole house feels wrong inside its own silence, the kind of silence that feels held together, not natural, like a breath someone forgot to release. I know I won’t be able to sleep tonight — maybe ever again — so I have to write this down while the terror is still fresh enough to hurt. 

Everything is still smeared across the floors, the mud, the blood, the broken pieces of the shed roof scattered by the porch, and I can’t look at any of it without my pulse spiking. If I don’t write this now, I’ll lose the thread of it. Or worse, I’ll convince myself I imagined it. I need this story to exist outside of my head.

My best friend was buried yesterday morning. I keep replaying that sentence because it still feels like some incomplete lie, like part of me is waiting for the punchline—some twist where this all makes sense. 

He died three days ago in a wreck that should’ve killed him instantly. Instead, he survived just long enough for the hospital to make a mistake that finished the job. A metal pole tore straight through his thigh in the crash, a perfect tunnel puncturing the muscle. They should’ve removed it faster. They didn’t. 

It tore everything apart inside him as soon as he moved. His mother said they sedated him, but he kept waking up panicked, confused, calling out for someone until his lungs filled with blood.

I didn’t get to see him before he died. I kept telling myself he needed space, that I shouldn’t push. We hadn’t talked properly in almost a month. He would vanish for days, then reappear looking hollow, exhausted, like he was carrying something heavy he couldn’t talk about. 

I kept asking what was wrong and he kept brushing me off with “just tired, man” or “just dealing with stuff.” Now I know he wasn’t tired. He was terrified. And he was hiding something he didn’t know how to survive.

The funeral was as miserable as you’d expect. His mother clung to me like I was the last piece of him left in the world. The sky hovered in that dead, gray way that makes it impossible to tell what time it is. 

When the pallbearers lowered the casket, something in me started to feel sick. I didn’t know why at first. I just kept staring at the wood, feeling this strange pressure in my chest, like someone pushing a thumb into the center of a bruise. Then I saw it—the mark on the corner of the coffin.

A carved symbol, rough and shallow, not decorative, not something the funeral home would’ve added. It wasn’t a scratch either. It had too much intention. Angled lines, intersecting arcs, a warped circle in the middle like something spiraling inward. I couldn’t stop staring at it. I asked the funeral director about it, and he said the coffin had been pristine when they received it.

But his mother didn’t want an open casket, so no one else saw it but me.

If I had understood what it meant, I wouldn’t have gone home alone.

My parents left me their property when they passed — a house, a shed full of rusted tools, a sagging barn, a silo that groans when the wind hits it wrong, and an old stone well that sits between them all like a round mouth waiting to swallow something. 

The drive home after the funeral felt like walking backward into a nightmare I couldn’t yet name. The sky sagged low, heavy enough to blur the treeline. The air tasted thick, metallic, sharp in my nose like ozone.

The first thing I noticed when I pulled in was the shed door. Open. Not much, just a few inches. Enough that I could see the darkness inside. I always shut it tight—my dad drilled that habit into me growing up. But it was open.

The well rope was also swaying gently even though no wind touched the grass. And the mud in front of the barn had long, dragging marks gouged into it. Not animal tracks. Not boots. Something in between, like someone was trying to walk with a part of themselves missing.

I told myself it was the storm beginning overhead and that grief makes shadows look like threats. But the second I stepped inside the house, the air pressed down on me hard enough to make my ears pop.

It was silent. Not just quiet. Silent in that unnatural, padded way where you can’t hear the hum of appliances or the groaning of wood or the normal background noise a house makes when you aren’t paying attention. It felt like stepping into a vacuum. I turned on lights that didn’t make me feel any safer. I kept glancing out the kitchen window at the well rope twitching its slow, jerking pattern.

I made tea just so my hands would stop trembling, but it tasted wrong in my mouth. Metallic, bitter. I dumped it out and stood at the sink gripping the counter, staring at my own reflection. I remember thinking: You’re losing it. You’re just tired.

That’s when the front door shook.

Not a knock. Someone hitting it. Hard.

I froze, head turning slowly toward the sound. Another hit, harder, rattling the frame. A picture fell off the wall. My chest constricted until it hurt. The third impact splintered the top hinge. The knob rattled violently, turning inch by inch as if someone with stiff, broken fingers was forcing it.

I should’ve run. I should’ve run back through the kitchen and out the back door and into the trees. But I walked toward the front door instead, not because I was brave, but because grief has this sick tendency to make you hope for the impossible. For a heartbeat, some part of me actually thought: It’s him. He came home. They were wrong.

The fourth hit blew the door inward. It snapped clean at the hinge and fell flat on the floor with a dull thud I felt in my bones.

And then he stepped in.

He was soaked with mud, streaked with rot, funeral suit shredded into ribbons. His hair clung to his forehead like wet seaweed. His left eye was gone — not gouged, just… collapsed inward, sinking into darkness like the flesh had given up. The right eye was cloudy, unfocused, but when it landed on me something in it tightened. Recognition, maybe, tucked beneath the decay.

His jaw hung loose from one side. His mouth opened and closed in short, mechanical pulses. When air leaked through his ruined throat, something like my name slipped out, not spoken but produced, like a faulty machine making a sound it wasn’t designed to make.

The hole in his leg was the thing that broke me. A perfectly clean tunnel through the thigh, the edges torn and frayed. When he stepped forward, the wound stretched wide enough that I could see the house through it. Something sloshed inside him. Something loose.

He took another step.

Then he lunged.

I don’t remember making the decision to run. My body just reacted. I turned and sprinted through the kitchen, nearly slipping on the tile as I grabbed the back door and hurled myself outside into the mud. 

Rain hammered the yard in sheets. My shoes sank deep, slowing me to a stumbling half-run that felt like running through thick syrup. I risked one glance over my shoulder — his silhouette staggered through the doorway, head twitching, arms jerking out of sync with his steps like his brain couldn’t remember how human joints worked.

I dove into the shed, slammed the door shut, and threw my weight against it. The latch wasn’t enough, but I held it anyway, fingers digging into the wood.

Footsteps dragged across the yard. Slow. Heavy. Uneven.

He stopped outside.

I heard him breathing — not like a living person. Like air moving through a torn organ.

Then he continued past.

I waited until the sound faded. My head throbbed. My breath came in sharp, shallow bursts. The rain outside became a wall of sound, but underneath it I heard something else — the faint rustle of paper.

The light overhead flickered as I turned it on. Something fresh lay on the workbench — a mound of recently disturbed dirt, and on top of it, a folded scrap of notebook paper weighed down by a bolt. I opened it.

The symbol. The same one from the coffin. Drawn crookedly, thick strokes formed by a shaking hand. He wrote this after he died. There was no other explanation.

That thought almost made me vomit.

Through the gaps in the shed walls, I saw him approach the barn. He didn’t shamble. He didn’t limp. He walked like he remembered the property. Like he knew exactly where he was going. Like he was following a map burned into his bones.

He disappeared inside.

I followed at a distance that felt both stupid and necessary. The barn loomed darker than usual, the storm soaking its old boards until they bowed inward. I slipped inside through the side door. The smell hit me first — stale hay, wet wood, something sweet and rotten.

The ground was disturbed. Someone had scraped away layers of dirt to carve a massive version of the symbol into the floor. Deep lines. Sharp curves. A spiral at the center. And in that spiral, a scrap of notebook paper weighed down with a bit of stone.

I knelt. Rain pattered against the barn roof. I lifted the paper.

His handwriting, jagged and frantic:

I don’t want to go.

Before I could breathe, the wall beside me bulged. A hand punched through the boards, fingers twisted and raw. Another hand followed. Then a shoulder. Then his head, forcing its way through a hole far too small, bones cracking and joints bending wrong as he wedged himself through. He fell into the hay in a heap.

I ran.

Out the door, across the yard, toward the silo. Rain blurred the world into grayscale streaks. I climbed inside the silo and ascended the ladder to the loft. My breath sounded too loud in my ears. I crouched near the slats and peered down at the clearing below.

He staggered into view moments later, pacing in slow loops around the structures. Once around the barn. Once around the house. Once around the shed. Each loop tighter. More focused. His head snapped left, then right, like he was triangulating something invisible. The empty eye socket faced the silo for a second too long.

He tilted his head upward.

He found me.

I climbed out the back opening, dropped into the mud, and sprinted for the shed again. The rain erased my tracks instantly, but he didn’t need them. He was drawn to me like a compass needle pointing to true north, some horrible part of him reaching for me even through death.

I dove inside the shed again and slammed the door shut — but this time, I braced a rake under the handle.

The first hit nearly took the door off its hinges.

The second cracked the frame.

Fingers reached under the gap, grasping blindly. I grabbed the crowbar and slammed it down on his hand. Bones crunched. Skin tore. But he didn’t pull back. He pushed harder. The rake snapped. I stumbled backward.

The roof creaked.

Then collapsed inward.

His body crashed through in a rain of rotten boards and wet hay. He hit the ground in a contorted pile, one arm bent the wrong way, neck crooked. But he pushed himself up with jerky, puppet-like motions.

I swung the crowbar wildly. It connected with his temple. He fell sideways, but only for a second. His arm twisted unnaturally as he reached for me, fingers clawing at the air.

I dove past him, scrambled over tools, burst out the door into the storm.

Mud swallowed my shoes. The rain burned in my eyes. The shed behind me groaned as he collided with the frame again, snarling through a ruined throat, dragging himself through the doorway after me like a predator that refused to die.

And that’s where I’m stopping for now. That’s where this part ends.

I’m not sure how much time I have before he finds me again, or before whatever he carried into my home decides it wants more than his body to anchor itself.

But this is the truth of what happened up until the moment I escaped into the yard — soaked, terrified, bleeding — knowing the real nightmare was only beginning.

I don’t know how I made it across the yard. I remember the rain more than anything else, the way it hammered down in sheets thick enough to blur the edges of the world, turning everything into shapeless silhouettes. 

My lungs ached with every breath, the cold slicing through my chest. I kept slipping in the mud, palms stinging each time I caught myself on rocks or roots, but I didn’t stop. 

The only thing behind me was the sound of his body dragging through the shattered shed doorway, that wet, slapping sound of flesh against soaked wood, limbs scraping, broken bones clicking against each other like loose hinges inside him. Every time I fell, I expected his hand to close around my ankle. Every time the thunder cracked overhead, I expected the flash to reveal him inches behind me.

I made it to the back porch, nearly collapsing on the steps. My hands shook too hard to get a grip on the railing. The door had been blown inward earlier, so there was nothing to slow me down as I stumbled into the kitchen. The lights flickered once and then steadied, casting a pale, sickly glow across the counters. 

Water dripped from my hair onto the tile. The house felt too open without the front door attached — wind pushed rain inside, the curtains fluttered outward like hands trying to escape, and the shadows bent into strange shapes along the walls.

I grabbed the heaviest thing within reach — a cast-iron pan — and held it in both hands because I couldn’t trust my grip with just one. My breath came in ragged gasps. I forced myself to move deeper into the house, glancing behind me every few steps. The air felt thick again, that same unnatural silence settling inside the walls as if the house itself was waiting, listening.

Something thudded outside. Heavy. Wet. Too close.

I slipped into the living room and crouched behind the armchair. My entire body trembled so violently the teeth of the pan handle rattled faintly against the metal. Rain continued to fall in relentless, drumming waves. 

The open doorway yawned black at the end of the hall, the darkness beyond it swallowing everything except the faint reflection of the kitchen light glistening on the wet floorboards.

Then I heard it — the dragging.

One step.

Slide.

One step.

Slide.

He moved slowly, deliberately, as though savoring the search. Each step sank into the mud outside with a sucking sound that made my stomach twist. The porch creaked under his weight. A shadow shifted against the far wall. His silhouette filled the broken doorway — shoulders hunched forward, head tilted at a strange angle, one arm hanging lower than the other as if the shoulder joint had partially dislocated during the fall from the shed roof.

He stepped inside.

Mud pattered off him in thick clumps, splattering across the floor. His remaining eye rolled upward as though scanning the ceiling, while his empty socket faced the hallway. His jaw dangled loosely from one hinge, swinging slightly each time he moved. A low groan slithered out of his throat, not a sound with intention but one created by air escaping torn tissues.

He walked deeper into the house.

I pressed myself further into the corner, holding the pan like a shield. My heart hammered so fast it felt like it might crack open. I watched his shadow spill across the floor, stretching toward the living room like a stain.

He stopped just inside the threshold.

His head snapped toward the chair.

I didn’t think — my legs simply moved on their own. I sprinted out from behind the chair, rushing past him, pan raised. He lunged, faster than he had any right to move in that broken body. His fingers grazed my arm, cold and slick like raw meat. I swung the pan wildly, smashing it against the side of his face with a metallic clang that shook my bones.

He reeled sideways but didn’t fall. He turned back toward me, and for the first time, I felt the full weight of the wrongness in him — not just death, not just decay, but something else coiled inside, something that moved his limbs with the wrong rhythm, the wrong purpose. The eye socket pulsed faintly, like something beneath the bone shifted.

I ran.

I barreled down the hallway, slipping on the wet boards. He followed, each step thudding in a way that didn’t match the movement of his legs. 

He didn’t limp from the hole in his thigh — he barely acknowledged it. He moved like the pain in him no longer belonged to him, like the body was only a vessel being pushed, dragged, and reshaped by something that wanted out.

I turned into my father’s old office and slammed the door. It didn’t have a lock. I pressed the desk chair under the knob as hard as I could and backed away, chest heaving. The window rattled in the wind. The only light came from a dim lamp in the corner, casting long, shaky shadows across the room.

The door shook violently as he slammed into it. The wood bowed inward. Dust fell from the ceiling. The chair scraped across the floor half an inch with each impact. His groaning grew louder, more frustrated, more guttural. I backed toward the window and pushed it open, rain pouring inside instantly.

The chair snapped.

The door burst inward.

He came through like a storm — arms jerking, fingers curled, mouth hanging open in a broken snarl. His suit tore further as he dragged himself across the threshold, smearing mud and blood across the carpet. His spine bent in a way no spine should, bones protruding under torn flesh.

I didn’t think. I didn’t plan. I dove out the window into the rain and hit the ground hard, rolling through the mud until my shoulder slammed into the stone wall of the well. Lightning split the sky. 

The yard lit up in a stark flash — and in that moment, I saw him in the office window behind me. His head twisted at an impossible angle as he leaned out, his body folding forward like a broken puppet. He didn’t jump. He fell, crashed into the mud with a wet crack, limbs bending in multiple directions.

Then he got back up.

I ran.

My legs ached, burning, slipping on the wet ground. I made my way to the one place I swore I wouldn’t go — the barn. 

Rain pounded the roof in deafening sheets as I stumbled inside. I slammed the door behind me and dragged a heavy workbench against it, bracing it with everything I had left. My breath came in ragged gasps. I stumbled to the back of the barn, collapsing against the hay bales.

For a moment, the only sound was thunder.

Then I heard him.

A long, rattling groan from outside. Then another. Then fingers scraping slowly across the barn boards, searching, testing, dragging across the grain like nails across skin. 

He circled the barn once. Twice. Each pass closer than the last. His dragging steps pulse in too-long intervals now, like something inside him is deciding which limb to move next.

I covered my mouth to muffle my breathing.

The barn roof groaned under the storm. Water dripped through the old boards in irregular patterns. The symbol carved into the floor — the enormous one, the one he must have made before he died — looked darker now, grooves filled with rainwater like open wounds.

His hand slapped against the outside wall inches from my face.

I bit down on my knuckles to keep from screaming. The boards bowed slightly inward. His fingertips pushed through the gaps, writhing, searching, bending in unnatural directions as if joints had become optional.

Then — silence.

Not the silence of him leaving.

The silence of him deciding.

I didn’t dare move.

The next sound came from above.

One step.

Creak.

Another step.

Creak.

He was climbing the support beams from the outside.

The roof above me dipped under his weight.

I pushed myself deeper into the barn, heart slamming against my ribs. Rain hit the roof harder, drowning out every logical thought. I didn’t breathe. I didn’t blink. I just waited for the boards to give way under him.

When they did, the world shattered.

The roof exploded inward as his body plummeted through. Splinters rained down like knives. He slammed into the hay bales with a force that shook the entire barn. Dust exploded into the air. His limbs twisted, straightened, twisted again. His head rolled to the side, the empty socket facing me.

Then he moved.

He lunged, fingers clawing into the hay, dragging himself toward me with a violent, animal intent. His jaw snapped open and shut, producing wet clicking noises. His ribs shifted with every movement, some sticking out through the torn shirt.

I scrambled backward, hands digging into loose straw and dirt. My shoulder hit a rake. I grabbed it without thinking and swung. The handle cracked against his skull, but he didn’t falter. He clawed forward, pulling himself faster, ignoring the way his leg bent inward at a sick angle.

He grabbed my ankle.

Pain shot up my leg as his fingers sank into my skin. I kicked wildly, connecting with his face. His head jerked to the side but his grip tightened. He pulled. I slid across the hay, closer to him, closer to the stench of rot and mud and the metallic stink leaking from the hole in his leg.

I grabbed the metal pole he’d fallen through earlier — some old scaffolding rod from the roof repairs my father never finished. I swung it downward, smashing it into his arm. Bone cracked. He didn’t let go. He pulled harder, snarling through shredded vocal cords.

I screamed — a raw, desperate sound that tore through my throat. I swung the pole again, harder, aiming for his head this time. It struck with a dull, sickening thud. His grip loosened. I kicked free and stumbled backward, slipping in the mud and hay.

He rose onto his hands and knees like something dragged on invisible strings.

I didn’t wait for him to stand.

I bolted.

Out the barn door, across the yard, through the sideways rain. My lungs burned. My legs felt like lead. Every sound felt like it came from him. Every shadow looked like his silhouette.

I made it back to the house and slammed the busted doorframe shut out of instinct even though it wouldn’t hold anything. I collapsed against the wall, drenched, shaking, barely able to breathe.

He wasn’t dead.

He wasn’t even slowing down.

And nothing — not broken bones, not smashed limbs, not the limits of a corpse — would stop him.

Something else was moving him.

And it wanted me.

I don’t know how long I sat there on the floor, listening for him. The storm had softened to a steady hiss, but my ears still rang with phantom sounds—his dragging steps, the snap of his bones when he hit the shed floor, the way the barn roof groaned beneath the weight of something that should’ve stayed buried. 

The house felt smaller now, like the walls had crept inward while I was outside fighting for my life. Every shadow felt deeper. Every window felt too open. Every breath hurt. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I kept wondering if I was already dead and this was what grief did to a brain too broken to process reality.

Then I heard the porch boards creak.

Slowly.

Deliberately.

One step.

Another.

He hadn’t run after me. He hadn’t stumbled blindly. He had simply followed whatever invisible thread tied him to me with the same quiet, unsettling confidence he’d shown all night. The boards bent under his weight. Mud squelched as he stepped closer to the wrecked doorway. A soft, wet drag followed behind him like something still trailing from his body.

I held my breath.

His silhouette appeared in the doorway.

He didn’t crash in this time. He didn’t fling himself forward like a feral animal. He stood there—crooked, torn open, dripping—head tilted like he was listening to something I couldn’t hear. His remaining eye reflected a sliver of kitchen light, milky and unfocused. The empty socket looked darker now, as if something deeper inside him had taken root.

He stepped into the house.

The floorboards groaned under him. His left leg bent inward at the knee, but he didn’t favor it. His spine shifted under his shirt—bones grinding together in small, painful jerks. His arms hung at his sides, fingers twitching in rhythmic spasms like they were remembering what they used to hold.

I tried to stand. My legs nearly gave out. I pressed my hand against the wall to steady myself, the pan long gone, the rake snapped in the barn, the crowbar somewhere outside in the mud. I felt naked in a way I’d never felt before—no weapon, no plan, nothing between me and the thing wearing my best friend’s face except a few feet of rotting flooring.

He took another step toward me.

Something inside him clicked loudly—a grinding pop like a gear locking into place. His head snapped toward me with violent precision, his jaw swinging loosely. A sound leaked out, part wheeze, part broken attempt at forming my name. Except it wasn’t right. The sound was too low, too warped, too forced through a shape that wasn’t meant to make language anymore.

He lunged.

I turned and sprinted down the hall, my shoulder catching the edge of the wall hard enough to send a jolt through my arm. Pain exploded in my ribs. I didn’t stop. I ran for the bedroom at the end of the hall, the one with the window facing the well. I didn’t think—my body just decided that room was the best place to make a stand. Maybe it was the only place left with something inside worth using.

I slammed the door and shoved the dresser in front of it. His body collided with the other side instantly. The wood shuddered. Dust fell from the ceiling. Another impact. Another. Each hit stronger, faster, more desperate. The dresser’s legs scraped across the floor inch by inch.

I scanned the room for anything I could use. My eyes landed on the old metal pole propped in the corner—the one my dad had kept as a makeshift curtain rod years ago before he replaced it. It had been sitting in the corner for months, forgotten, slightly rusted, heavier than it looked. I grabbed it with both hands. It felt cold, solid, familiar in a way that scared me.

The doorframe cracked.

His hand burst through, fingers clawing wildly, skin peeling from the knuckles. He didn’t try the handle. He didn’t try to force the door open in any logical way. He tore at the wood like an animal digging through the earth. His wrist bent backward at a horrific angle as he reached deeper inside.

The dresser slid another inch.

The door hinges snapped.

He pushed through.

The dresser toppled sideways, crashing to the floor. His body fell forward with it, limbs flailing in a heap of wet clothes and broken bone. But he didn’t stay down. He rose slowly, joints popping in rapid succession. His head rolled to one side, the jaw dangling uselessly.

He took one step toward me.

I struck him with the pole.

The sound vibrated up my arms — a dull, sickening thud as metal connected with bone. His head jerked back. His body didn’t. He staggered only slightly before lunging again, arms outstretched, fingers curled like claws. I swung again, smashing the pole into his shoulder. The bone cracked audibly. His arm hung loose, swaying with each step, but he didn’t stop.

He grabbed the pole with his other hand.

His grip was impossibly strong.

He pulled.

We both fell back onto the bed, the mattress collapsing beneath our weight. He landed on top of me, reeking of earth and rot and something older, something deeper.

His chest caved inward as he pressed down, ribs snapping inward. His breath gurgled wetly against my neck. I shoved the pole upward, pressing it between us, pushing against his throat, but he didn’t choke. He didn’t react at all. He simply pushed harder.

His hand slid toward my face.

I felt his fingers graze my cheek.

And something inside me snapped.

I twisted the pole sideways, jamming one end into the hole in his thigh.

He paused.

For the first time all night, he paused.

His whole body trembled. His head twitched violently. His mouth opened wide, wider than a broken jaw should allow. A sound poured out of him — not a growl, not a moan, but a deep, guttural groan that vibrated through my bones. It felt like something inside the hole in his leg had been waiting for this moment.

I pushed harder.

The pole slid deeper, scraping bone, tearing through ruined muscle. He convulsed, body jerking backward, limbs spasming. His grip loosened. I shoved him off the bed and onto the floor with a heavy thud.

He writhed, twisting like something inside him was fighting to stay connected.

I didn’t hesitate.

I grabbed the pole with both hands, braced my foot against his hip, and pulled.

The pole tore free.

It came out with a sickening wet suction, a long, thick string of tissue clinging to the metal before snapping loose.

He went still.

Then he screamed — or tried to. The sound that escaped was hollow, empty, like wind howling through a tunnel. His arms flailed. His legs kicked. His back arched high enough that his spine protruded through his skin.

I lifted the pole.

He reached toward me one last time.

I brought the pole down.

Once.

Twice.

Again.

Again.

I don’t know how many times. I don’t know if I was hitting him or hitting the months of guilt or the funeral or the carved symbol or the memory of him carving it or the way the storm seemed to lean closer with every swing. All I knew was that by the time my arms gave out, his body wasn’t moving.

I don’t remember dragging him outside.

I don’t remember slipping on the mud or the way his limbs kept catching on the grass.

I don’t remember the storm ending.

I don’t remember the rope swaying on the well.

I only remember pushing his ruined body over the stone rim.
It fell silently.

Like the well swallowed the sound itself.

I stood there for a long time after, staring into the darkness, waiting for something—anything—to echo back.

Nothing did.

The yard was quiet.

The house was quiet.

The whole world felt quiet.

But the quiet didn’t feel safe.

It felt full.

Like something was holding its breath.

Like something was thinking.

Like something wasn’t finished.

I came back inside and sat down at this desk.
I washed my hands three times but they still smell like the pole, like the wet earth from the barn, like the thing inside the hole in his leg that tried to follow me home.

I’m writing this because I need someone to know what happened.

Because the house feels wrong again.

Because the silence feels heavier now than it did before.

Because I keep hearing faint dripping sounds under the floorboards.

Because I keep seeing the rope on the well sway when there’s no wind.

Because I keep thinking about the symbol he carved everywhere he went.

Because I keep thinking maybe the ritual didn’t fail.

Maybe it succeeded.

Just not in the way he expected.

Something is moving outside.

Something wet.

Something slow.

Something that remembers me.
Title: Theophobia

Do you think animals believe in their own gods? I stared at those words on my computer screen until they blurred. It was past midnight. The question sat there in my inbox like something alive, waiting.

I know this may sound crazy, but I’ve witnessed it firsthand. I’ve lost someone to this event—this phenomenon. Please respond. I can’t sleep. I can’t make sense of this. I need help. Please help. I’m just a sheep farmer and I need somebody to help me understand. Please reply. Please Dr. Grant, help me. —Charlie Saunders

My hand hovered over the keyboard. Animals with their own gods? My first instinct was to delete it—some teenager’s creative writing exercise, maybe. A prank. But then I saw the name again. Charlie Saunders. I knew Charlie. I’d been to his farm twice before, consulted on his flock’s behavior. He was the kind of man who measured his words carefully, who didn’t speak unless he had something worth saying. The kind of man who would never, never, send an email like this. Unless something had broken him.

I wrote back immediately, told him to come to my office in the morning. He responded within the hour. Just three words: I’ll be there. I’m an ethologist. I study animal behavior—how they think, how they feel, what drives them. It’s all chemicals and instinct, evolution and adaptation. There’s no room for gods in that equation. No room for the supernatural. At least, that’s what I told myself.

That night, I couldn’t sleep. Every time I closed my eyes, I saw that question burning behind my eyelids: Do animals believe in their own gods? By the time dawn broke, I’d convinced myself it was nothing. Stress. Grief, maybe. Charlie had probably lost a family member and wasn’t processing it well. I’d talk him through it, recommend a therapist, and that would be that. I was wrong.

Charlie was already waiting when I arrived at my office. I almost didn’t recognize him. The man I’d met before had been robust, energetic—someone who smiled easily and often. The thing slouched against my office door barely resembled him. His beard was unkempt, more white than I remembered. His eyes were sunken deep into purple-black hollows, the whites shot through with burst capillaries. He looked like he’d aged ten years in the few months since I’d seen him. Like something had reached inside him and scooped out everything vital. “Dr. Grant,” he said. His voice was a rasp, like he’d been screaming. “Good morning.” “Charlie.” I tried to keep my voice steady as I unlocked the door. “How long have you been waiting?” He didn’t answer. Just shuffled inside when I opened the door, moving like his bones hurt.

I flicked on the lights—the fluorescent bulbs hummed and flickered before catching—and started the coffee maker. The familiar ritual did nothing to calm the crawling sensation up my spine. Something was very, very wrong. “The university looks good,” Charlie mumbled, staring at nothing. I poured him coffee with shaking hands. “Black, right?” A nod. Barely. I sat across from him and forced myself to look—really look—at what he’d become. His hands trembled around the cup. There were dirt stains under his fingernails. And his eyes… God, his eyes were the worst part. They had the hollow, haunted quality of someone who’d seen something they could never unsee. “Charlie, what happened—” His fist slammed into my desk so hard the coffee jumped in our cups. I jerked back, heart hammering.

“Don’t.” His voice cracked like breaking glass. “Don’t interrupt me. Please, Dr. Grant. I’ve told this story to everyone. The police thought I was insane. The reporters laughed. The priest at St. Michael’s told me I was blasphemous. The veterinarians—” He choked on something between a laugh and a sob. “The veterinarians said it was impossible.” Tears carved tracks down his weathered face. “You’re the last person I can tell. The last one who might listen.” His eyes locked onto mine, desperate and pleading and terrified. “So I’m begging you, Dr. Grant. Don’t say a word. Don’t tell me I’m crazy. Don’t tell me what I saw wasn’t real.” He leaned forward, and I caught the smell of unwashed clothes, of earth, of something else—something rotten and organic that made my stomach turn. “Just listen,” he whispered. “Listen to what the sheep did.” The fluorescent lights flickered again.

“A month ago,” Charlie began, his voice hollow, “I went to a livestock auction. Needed more sheep for the farm.” He wrapped both hands around the coffee cup like it was the only solid thing left in the world. “I had enough money to buy a few—maybe five or six at market price. But then I saw this man.” Charlie’s eyes went distant, seeing something I couldn’t. “He looked almost as miserable as I do now. Hollow. Like something had already eaten him from the inside out.”He had a small flock. Twelve sheep. And the price…” Charlie laughed, but there was no humor in it. “The price was criminal. He was practically giving them away. I should’ve known. I should’ve known something was wrong when I saw how happy he looked—no, not happy. Relieved. Like he’d just shrugged off a curse.”

His hands tightened on the cup until his knuckles went white. “But I didn’t think. I just saw the deal. The sheep looked healthy enough. So I loaded them into my trailer and drove home, thinking I’d hit the jackpot.” Charlie’s voice cracked. “Lauren was waiting when I pulled up. My wife—she was surprised I was back so early. ‘Goodness, Chuck,’ she said, ‘how much did all that cost?’ I told her it was a blessing. That I’d only spent half what I’d budgeted. She kissed me. Told me to keep them separate from the main flock until they all got used to each other. She didn’t want any fighting.” He stopped. Stared into his coffee like he could see her face in it.

The fluorescent lights hummed overhead. Outside my office, I heard footsteps in the hallway—another professor arriving early. Normal sounds. Normal world. But sitting across from me was something that didn’t belong to that world anymore. “I unloaded the sheep,” Charlie continued. “They looked fine. All except one.” His voice dropped to barely a whisper. “He was the biggest of the lot. And he was… different. The way he stood—it was like he was at attention. Alert. The others meandered like sheep do, but not him. He walked with purpose. Like he knew exactly where he was going and what he was doing. And the rest…” Charlie swallowed hard. “The rest followed him. Watched him. They didn’t act like normal sheep, but I figured it was just the stress of a new environment. New home. They’d settle in.” He looked up at me, and I saw something break behind his eyes. “I was wrong.”

The coffee maker gurgled behind me, the sound obscenely loud in the silence. “At first, everything seemed fine. Then a week passed, and it started.” His breathing quickened. “I woke up one night to a sound I’d never heard before. It wasn’t a normal bleat—it was… harmonizing. Like a hymn. Multiple voices finding the same note, the same rhythm.” My skin prickled. “I thought it was coyotes at first, or maybe someone stealing from the pens. So I grabbed my shotgun and my boots and went out the back door.” Charlie’s eyes were unfocused now, lost in the memory. “My regular sheep were fine—sleeping, grazing, acting normal. But the new ones…” He stopped. His jaw worked like he was chewing on words too terrible to speak. “They were gathered in a circle. Heads bowed. Eyes closed. And that sound—it was coming from him. The leader. He was making that hymn, and the others… they were worshipping.”

The word hung in the air between us like something physical. “I walked closer, and he stopped. Just… stopped mid-note and stared at me.” Charlie’s voice shook. “Dr. Grant, I know how this sounds. I know sheep don’t have expressions like people do. But I’m telling you—I felt what he felt. Rage. Pure, cold rage. Like I’d interrupted something sacred. Like I’d walked into a church and spit on the altar.” He wiped his face with a trembling hand.

“It scared me. Really scared me. But then my brain kicked back in and I yelled at them to scatter. They didn’t move at first. Just kept that circle, kept their heads down. Then the leader bleated—just once—and they broke apart. But he kept staring at me. That anger… it was human.” Charlie’s voice was barely audible now. “I tried to rationalize it. Maybe the previous owner had trained them somehow. Maybe it was some behavioral quirk. I didn’t know. But it was wrong. Everything about it was wrong.”

He looked up at me, and I saw the tears threatening to spill over. “Then,” he said, his voice dropping to a growl, “that’s when the real trouble started.” He stared down at my desk, unable to meet my eyes. “Every few nights, I’d hear it again. That bleating song. And it wasn’t just the one sheep anymore—others were joining in. Some of my sheep, from my original flock. I’d catch them the same way every time: gathered around him, heads down, eyes closed. Sometimes they all sang together. Other nights they’d move in patterns—formations. A dance, almost. Lauren saw it too. We were both terrified, but we didn’t know what to do. Who do you call? What do you even say?”

His hands were shaking so badly now that coffee sloshed over the rim of his cup. “After three weeks of this, I dug out the paperwork from the auction. Found the seller’s number and called it.” He laughed bitterly. “It was disconnected. Didn’t exist. So I tried looking up the man’s name, his address, anything.” Charlie looked up at me, his face a mask of despair. “Nothing. Not a damn thing. It was like he’d never existed at all. Like he’d sold me those sheep and then vanished off the face of the earth.”

The fluorescent lights flickered again. “Or maybe,” Charlie whispered, “he was just running from the same thing I should’ve run from.” Charlie’s voice dropped to barely a whisper. “One day, I went out to the grazing fields. That’s when I saw it.” He stared at his hands like they belonged to someone else. “There was an impression in the ground. At first, I thought my eyes were playing tricks—that my brain was conjuring patterns from nothing. But no.” He shook his head slowly. “It was a perfect circle. And inside… symbols. Symbols I’d never seen before. Not in any book, not in any language I knew.”

The office felt smaller suddenly. Colder. “Something had changed. The whole farm had this weight to it. Like the air itself was pressing down. Like something vast and terrible was unfolding right beneath my feet, and I was too small, too stupid to understand it.” He stopped. Drew in a shuddering breath. Tried to gather the pieces of himself that were falling apart. I realized I hadn’t touched my coffee. The cup had gone cold in my hands. Everything Charlie was saying sounded impossible—fantastical, like some fever dream or elaborate hoax. But the man across from me wasn’t lying. Whatever he’d seen, whatever he believed he’d seen, had destroyed him.

Charlie paused, his fingers tracing the rim of his coffee cup. “I should’ve paid more attention to Lauren. Should’ve seen the signs.” His voice cracked. “But I was so focused on those damned sheep, I didn’t notice what was happening to my wife.” He drew a shuddering breath. “It started about a week after I brought them home. Lauren complained of headaches—said they came on suddenly, like something was pressing against the inside of her skull. She’d never had migraines before. I told her to see a doctor, but she kept putting it off. Said they always passed eventually.”

Charlie’s eyes went distant. “Then I started finding her at the bedroom window. Middle of the night, just… staring out at the fields. At the pens. The first time, I asked her what she was doing. She didn’t answer at first. Just kept staring. When I touched her shoulder, she turned to me with this dreamy expression and said, ‘The singing is so beautiful, Chuck.’” His hands trembled. “I hadn’t heard anything. Told her she must’ve been dreaming. She just smiled—this empty, far-away smile—and came back to bed. But it kept happening. Three, four times a week. Always at the window. Always listening to something I couldn’t hear.” He leaned forward.

“She started humming. These strange, droning notes—nothing I recognized. She’d do it while cooking, while folding laundry. When I pointed it out, she’d look confused, like she didn’t even know she was doing it. The headaches got worse too. She’d stop mid-sentence sometimes, freeze up, stare at nothing. Then she’d blink and come back, but she’d have tears on her face. Or she’d be smiling. She could never remember what she’d seen.” Charlie’s jaw clenched. “One morning I found her outside in her nightgown, barefoot in the wet grass. She was standing at the fence, and that leader—that thing—was on the other side. Just the two of them, staring at each other. And she was humming that melody again.” His voice dropped.

“I called out to her. She turned, and her eyes were… empty. Glassy. Like she was looking through me at something else. But then she blinked and suddenly she was confused, frightened. ‘Chuck?’ she said. ‘What am I doing out here?’ She didn’t remember walking outside. Didn’t remember any of it.” He pressed his palms against his eyes. “It went on like that for two weeks. The humming, the staring, the headaches. She’d black out sometimes—just collapse and clutch her head, saying something was trying to push its way inside her mind. Trying to show her something.” Charlie looked up at me, his face twisted with anguish . “Then, three days ago, she had a moment of clarity. A real moment. I came home from checking the fences and found her in the kitchen, crying. Actually sobbing. She grabbed my arms and looked at me—really looked at me—and I saw my Lauren again. The real her.” His voice broke. “‘Chuck, something’s wrong with me,’ she said. ‘I’m losing time. I’m hearing things. This morning I woke up and found this.’ She showed me her hands—there was dirt caked under her fingernails. Fresh dirt. ‘I don’t remember going outside. I don’t remember digging. But I can feel… Chuck, I can feel something calling me. And I’m scared. I’m so scared because part of me wants to answer.’”

Tears welled in Charlie’s eyes. “She was terrified. Terrified of herself. Of what she was becoming. She begged me—begged me—to get rid of those sheep. Said we had to do it immediately, that very day. But I…” He choked on the words. “I told her we’d do it tomorrow. That I needed to prepare, to figure out where to take them. I thought we had time. I thought one more night wouldn’t matter.” He slammed his fist on the desk.

“But they knew. Those things knew she was breaking free. Knew she was fighting whatever hold they had on her. So they didn’t wait. They couldn’t risk losing her.” Charlie’s voice became a hollow whisper. “That night—the last night—Lauren seemed better. Calmer. She made dinner, kissed me goodnight, told me she loved me. Said tomorrow everything would be okay. We went to bed early, both of us exhausted. Both of us believing we’d wake up and fix everything.” He looked at me with eyes full of horror.

“But when I woke to that song… she was already gone. Already theirs. Whatever small part of her that had fought back that afternoon—it didn’t matter anymore. They’d taken her completely.”His voice cracked.“And I let it happen. I gave them one more night

Fresh tears welled in Charlie’s eyes. “Then came the night Lauren died.” The words hit like a punch to the chest. “Charlie, I’m so—” His hand shot up, cutting me off. His face twisted with something beyond grief—something raw and primal. “That night, Lauren and I talked. Really talked. We’d both had enough. The farm felt wrong. Corrupted. We decided we were getting rid of those sheep—the next morning, we’d load them up, drive them out to the middle of nowhere, and let nature take its course.” His voice cracked. “I know how that sounds. I know. But Grant, you have to understand—the horror of that song. I still hear it. When I sleep. When I’m awake. It never stops. It’s maddening.” His expression shifted from grief to something far worse—the hollow-eyed stare of a man teetering on the edge of sanity.

“We went to bed early that night. Thought tomorrow everything would be fine. We’d be free. We could have our normal life back.” He laughed—a broken, ugly sound. “But we weren’t free. We were never going to be free.” Charlie’s breathing quickened, his chest heaving. “I woke up to that song again. But this time it was louder. More aggressive. Like something vast and powerful was clawing its way into our world. And Lauren—” His voice broke. “Lauren was gone.” I gripped the armrests of my chair. “I threw on my boots, grabbed my rifle, and ran outside. Every single sheep—every single one—was arranged in a circle. No, not one circle. Three rings. Staggered. Concentric. And in the center…”

He couldn’t continue. His whole body shook. “Lauren was there. Standing with the leader. Her face—God, her face was blank. Empty. Like she wasn’t even there anymore. I screamed her name. Nothing. No response. She just stood there like a sleepwalker.” Charlie’s fists clenched. “I’d had enough. I raised my rifle and aimed at that thing—that leader, that devil that had brought this curse into my home. I pulled the trigger.” The fluorescent lights buzzed overhead. “The bullet hit him. I know it hit him. I saw him flinch. But there was no blood. No cry of pain. No wound. It was like I’d thrown a pebble at him. Like he was made of something that couldn’t be hurt by anything in this world.”

Charlie looked up at me, and I saw hell reflected in his eyes. “Then Lauren laid down in the center of the circle.” His voice was barely human now—a tortured rasp. “And they started stomping on her.” I felt my stomach drop. “All of them. The leader first, then the others closed in. They trampled her with the force of draft horses. Her blood—” He choked. “Her blood sprayed up into the air. Covered them. And they kept singing. Kept dancing. Every sheep had to touch her. Had to be anointed in her blood, her guts, her—” He couldn’t finish.

“I just watched. My mind screamed at me to run, to stop them, to do something. But my body wouldn’t move. I couldn’t comprehend what I was seeing. It felt like hours—watching my wife trampled to death while they sang their hymn.” Charlie’s tears fell freely now, dripping onto my desk. “When they finally stopped, they arranged themselves in a semicircle. The leader in the very center. He looked up—not at me, but at the sky—and began to sing again. The others joined. The sound… it made my head split. My vision blurred. But I saw it. God help me, I saw it.""Saw what?" I whispered.

Charlie's eyes went hollow, staring through me at something only he could see. "At first, I thought it was a cloud. A mass of darkness descending from above. But clouds don't move like that. Don't breathe like that. It was massive—so vast I couldn't see where it ended. Just this endless black shape covered in thousands of eyes. No, not eyes. Apertures. Openings. All of them fixed downward. All of them watching."

His voice dropped to barely a whisper. "And there was a sound coming from it. Not words. Not music. Something that existed before language. Before thought. A sound that made my bones vibrate, made my teeth ache, made my heart skip beats." He gripped the edge of my desk until his knuckles went white.

"But it wasn't just a creature, Grant. It was a presence. A deity. I could feel its attention like weight, like gravity, like the hand of creation itself pressing down on me. On Lauren. On the blood-soaked earth. And in that moment—that terrible, crystallizing moment—I understood." Tears streamed down his face.

"I understood why ancient peoples built altars. Why they dragged victims to mountaintops and temples. Why they offered up their children and their livestock and their enemies. Not out of love. Not out of devotion." His voice cracked. "Out of terror. Out of the desperate, animal hope that if they fed it enough, if they gave it what it wanted, it might pass over them. Might leave them alone for one more season. One more year." Charlie looked at me with eyes that had seen too much.

"We call them myths—those old gods, those hungry gods. We think we've evolved past them, that we've buried them under science and reason and progress. But they never left, Grant. They've been here all along. Waiting. And the animals—the animals never forgot. They've been worshipping them since the beginning. Since before we even stood upright."

His voice became a rasp. "And that night, I watched my wife become their sacrament. I passed out, and when I awoke to the rising sun... All the sheep were gone. Every single one. The only thing left was…” He couldn’t say it. “Lauren’s body.” Charlie began unbuttoning his shirt with trembling fingers. He pulled the fabric aside to reveal his chest. There, burned into his skin, was a symbol. A perfect circle surrounded by intricate runes—characters that looked ancient and alien and wrong.

“I found this the next morning.” He touched the symbol on his chest, wincing as if it still burned. “It wasn’t there before. I didn’t carve it. Didn’t brand myself. I just woke up and it was in me. Part of me.” His voice grew quieter, more distant. “At first, I thought I could live with it. Thought I could bury Lauren, sell the farm, move away and forget. But the dreams started that very night.” Charlie’s eyes glazed over, seeing something I couldn’t.

“I see him. The leader. Every time I close my eyes, he’s there. Standing in fields that stretch forever. And he’s not alone anymore, Grant. There are thousands of them now. Flocks upon flocks, all standing at attention, all watching me. All waiting.” His hands began to tremble. “And behind them—behind all of them—I see it. That black mass. That thing they worship. But in my dreams, I can see it clearly. I can see its shape, its purpose. And it’s so much worse than what I saw that night. So much bigger.” Charlie’s breathing quickened, becoming shallow and rapid. “The symbol burns when I dream. Burns like fire, like acid. And I hear voices—not words, but meanings pushed directly into my mind. They’re teaching me things. Showing me things. The rituals. The hymns. The hunger.” He looked up at me, and I saw something had changed in his eyes. Something had broken.

“I tried to cut it out, Grant. Took a knife to my own chest. But the blade wouldn’t go deep enough. Wouldn’t cut. It’s like the symbol protects itself. Like it wants to stay in me.” His voice cracked, climbing in pitch. “I went back to the farm three days ago. I don’t know why. Something pulled me back. And I found them, Grant. I found the sheep. Not mine—new ones. Different flock, different owner. But they were already there. Already gathering in circles. Already learning the songs.” Charlie grabbed my wrist, his grip painfully tight. “It’s spreading. It doesn’t end with one flock. It moves, it infects, it teaches. And every night I dream, I see more farms. More fields. More flocks standing at attention, ready to call down their god.”

Sweat beaded on his forehead. His pupils were dilated, unfocused. “Last night—last night I dreamed I was one of them. I was standing in the circle, head bowed, and I could feel it, Grant. I could feel the ecstasy of worship. The joy of surrender. And part of me—God forgive me, part of me wanted to stay there. Wanted to bow down and sing that hymn forever.” His voice rose, panic bleeding through. “I’m losing myself. Piece by piece, I’m becoming something else. Something that understands them. That sympathizes with them. The symbol is changing me, rewriting me from the inside out.”

Charlie stood abruptly, his chair clattering backward. He paced like a caged animal. “I can hear it now. Even awake. That humming. It’s in my head, in my bones, in every heartbeat. It won’t stop. It won’t stop.” He clawed at his ears, his chest, leaving red marks.“I tried to pray. Went to three different churches. But every time I kneel, every time I try to say the words, I feel it watching. Laughing. My prayers turn to ash in my mouth because I know—I know—there’s something older listening. Something that doesn’t care about mercy or salvation or redemption.” His voice cracked into something between a laugh and a sob. “I’m not sleeping anymore. Can’t sleep. Because every time I close my eyes, I’m back in that field. Back in that circle. And Lauren is there, Grant. She’s there, but she’s not dead. She’s standing with them. Standing and singing. And she looks happy.”

Charlie spun to face me, tears streaming down his face. “Is she in heaven, Grant? Or is she with them now? Is her soul trapped in that thing’s belly, singing hymns for eternity? Tell me! TELL ME!” He slammed both fists on my desk, sending coffee cups flying. “I can’t make it stop! The burning, the dreams, the knowing! It’s teaching me their language, their rituals, their purpose! And the worst part—the absolute worst part—is that it’s starting to make sense!” His voice rose to a desperate wail. “Grant, I understand them now! I understand why they worship! I understand what they’re building! Every flock is a congregation, every farm is a temple, and they’re all working together to bring something through! Something vast and hungry and patient!”

Charlie grabbed my shoulders, shaking me. “It’s not just sheep, Grant! What if it’s all of them? What if every animal—every bird, every insect, every creature we’ve dismissed as mindless—what if they’re all worshipping? What if we’re surrounded by tiny churches, by millions of altars we can’t see, all calling to gods we never knew existed?” His grip tightened painfully. And what if we’re next? What if the symbol marks me as the first? What if I’m supposed to teach others? What if that’s my purpose now—to spread this to people?”

I tried to pull away, but his strength was manic, inhuman. “I won’t do it! I WON’T! I’d rather die than become their prophet! I’d rather—” He stopped suddenly. His eyes went wide, pupils dilating until they were almost entirely black. “Oh God. Oh God, it’s here. It’s in the room with us.” “Charlie, there’s nothing—”

“DON’T YOU SEE IT?!” he screamed, pointing at the empty corner of my office. “It’s right there! All those eyes! All those mouths! It’s been watching this whole time! It’s been listening!” He released me and staggered backward, clawing at the symbol on his chest. “It won’t let me go! It won’t let me die! I’m its witness! Its PROPHET! And it wants me to spread the word! It wants me to teach others to see! To hear! To WORSHIP!” Charlie collapsed to his knees, screaming—a sound of pure anguish and terror that seemed to come from somewhere deeper than his lungs. It was the sound of a soul being torn apart.

“GRANT, HELP ME! HELP ME! CUT IT OUT! CUT ME OPEN AND RIP IT OUT BEFORE IT TAKES EVERYTHING! BEFORE I BECOME—” His body convulsed. Blood began trickling from his nose. I lunged for the phone, my hands shaking so badly I could barely dial. “911, I need help! My office at the university—someone’s having a medical emergency—” The paramedics arrived within minutes, but Charlie was barely conscious by then. He thrashed weakly as they loaded him onto the stretcher, his lips moving soundlessly.

As they wheeled him past me, I leaned in and heard him whisper: “It’s already too late. The mark is spreading. You touched me. You listened. Now you’ll dream too.” Then his eyes rolled back and he went still. The police took my statement. I told them about his wife’s death, his grief, his obvious mental breakdown. I didn’t mention the sheep or the rituals or the symbol. Who would believe me? That afternoon, Detective Morrison called.

“Dr. Grant? This is about Charles Saunders. I’m sorry to inform you that he passed away at County General about an hour ago.” My blood ran cold. “What happened?” “Massive cerebral aneurysm. The doctors said it was like something burst inside his brain. Multiple vessels, all at once. They’d never seen anything like it.” A pause. “There’s something else. Something strange.” “What?” I said in shock. “When they were preparing the body… they found burns. Fresh burns all over his torso, his arms, his legs. Symbols, Dr. Grant. Dozens of them. Like someone had branded him repeatedly. But there’s no sign of external trauma. It’s like they burned from the inside out.”

The phone nearly slipped from my hand. “The coroner wants to list it as unexplained. But between you and me?” Morrison’s voice dropped. “I’ve been a cop for twenty years. I’ve seen drug overdoses, psychotic breaks, every kind of mental breakdown. But the look on that man’s face when he died…” “What about it?” “He wasn’t afraid anymore, Dr. Grant. He looked relieved. Like dying was the only way to escape something worse

Months passed. Charlie’s story haunted me. It shouldn’t have—it was madness, trauma-induced delusion. Sheep don’t have religion. They don’t perform rituals. They don’t summon gods. But I couldn’t forget the symbol burned into his chest. The terror in his eyes. The way he’d screamed. Eventually, I moved to Texas. New job. New start. I tried to bury what Charlie had told me beneath work and routine. Then I got a call from a rancher outside Austin. Said he needed help with his flock. Behavioral issues.

“What kind of issues?” I asked. There was a long pause on the other end of the line. “Well, hell, Doc—you’re going to think I’m crazy. But my sheep… they’re singing and dancing at night.” The phone nearly slipped from my hand. “What did you say?” “I know how it sounds, but I swear—they gather in circles and make this sound. Like a hymn or something. And they move in patterns. Like they’re performing some kind of…” He trailed off. “Some kind of what?” My voice was barely steady. “Some kind of ceremony.”

I closed my eyes and saw Charlie’s face. Heard his screams. “I’ll be there tomorrow,” I said. I hung up the phone and sat in the silence of my office for a long time. I’m a scientist. I’ve spent my entire career explaining animal behavior through biology, through evolution, through reason. Neurotransmitters and instinct. Stimulus and response. Everything has a rational explanation. Everything follows observable laws.

But what if we’ve been wrong? What if faith isn’t just a human invention—some evolutionary advantage that helped us cooperate, that gave us comfort in the face of death? What if animals have always known something we’ve forgotten? Something we’ve spent centuries trying to bury under logic and empiricism and the desperate belief that we’re alone in this universe?

What if there are powers in this world that demand worship? That demand sacrifice? I opened my laptop and pulled up Charlie’s last email. Read those words again: Do you think animals believe in their own gods?My hands were shaking. Because if sheep can have gods—gods real enough to answer their prayers, gods hungry enough to manifest in our world—then what else is out there? What other creatures are kneeling before altars we can’t see? What other rituals are being performed in the dark corners of the world while we sleep in our beds, believing we’re the only ones with souls?

And the question that terrified me most, the one that kept me awake for the rest of that night: What do those gods want with us? I packed my equipment the next morning. Loaded my truck with cameras and recording devices. Told myself I was going to document everything, to find the rational explanation, to prove that Charlie had simply witnessed some bizarre behavioral anomaly. But as I pulled onto the highway heading toward that ranch outside Austin, I felt it—that same heaviness Charlie had described. That weight pressing down. Like the air itself knew something I didn’t.

Like something vast and terrible was watching. Waiting. And I understood, with the cold certainty of a man walking toward his own damnation, that I wasn’t going to find answers in Texas. I was going to find the same thing Charlie found. The same thing that’s been there all along, just beyond the edge of our understanding. Hungry gods. And they were waiting for someone new to witness them.
Title: A passenger got off my bus in the middle of nowhere. I went back to find out why, and I wish I hadn't.

I feel like I’m either going crazy or I’ve stumbled onto something I was never meant to see. Part of me wants someone to tell me there’s a rational explanation for all of this. Another, much larger part of me, knows there isn’t. I just need to get this out, to put it in a place where it will exist outside of my own head.

It started about three months ago. I was taking a cross-country bus, one of those marathon trips that lasts for more than a day. I do it a couple of times a year to visit family. It’s cheaper than flying, and I’ve always found a strange kind of comfort in the liminality of it—the constant, low-level motion, the world blurring past the window, the feeling of being nowhere and everywhere at once. You’re just a passenger, a temporary ghost in a metal tube, and for a little while, none of your real-life problems can touch you.

This particular trip was the overnight leg. The bus was dark, save for the faint green glow of the dashboard and the occasional sweep of headlights from a passing car on the other side of the interstate. Most passengers were asleep, slumped in their seats in that boneless way people do on long journeys. The air was thick with the smell of stale air conditioning and the faint, sweet scent of someone’s fast-food dinner from hours earlier. The only sound was the deep, monotonous drone of the engine, a sound that usually lulls me to sleep.

But I couldn't sleep this time. I was sitting in a window seat about halfway down the bus, watching the endless ribbon of asphalt disappear under us. We were in one of those vast, empty stretches of the country. The kind of place where the sky is so big and black it feels like it could swallow the world. There were no city lights on the horizon, no signs of civilization at all. Just the highway, the scrubland stretching out on either side, and the stars. It was probably around two or three in the morning.

That's when it happened.

Up front, a single overhead light flicked on. I saw a young man, probably my age, early twenties, stand up and walk to the front of the bus. He had on a hoodie and a pair of bulky, old-school headphones. I’d noticed him when we boarded. He kept to himself, didn't talk to anyone. He just stared out the window, same as me.

He spoke to the driver. I couldn't hear the words, just the low murmur of his voice. The driver, a heavy-set guy with a salt-and-pepper mustache, nodded slowly. He didn't seem surprised or annoyed. He just… nodded. Then he slowed the bus down.

The hiss of the air brakes was startlingly loud in the quiet cabin. A few people stirred, but no one woke up. The bus rolled to a complete stop on the shoulder of the empty interstate. The driver pulled a lever, and the doors folded open with a pneumatic sigh, letting in a rush of cool, dry night air that smelled of dust and distant rain.

The kid with the headphones stepped off the bus. He didn't have any luggage, not even a backpack. He just stepped down onto the gravel shoulder and stood there for a moment, his back to us. The bus doors hissed shut, and with a lurch, we started moving again.

I watched him through the window as we pulled away. He didn't look back. He just started walking, not along the shoulder, but directly away from the road, into the pitch-black, featureless expanse. He walked in a straight, determined line, like he knew exactly where he was going. Within seconds, the bus picked up speed, and he was just a silhouette. Then he was a smudge. Then he was gone, completely absorbed by the darkness.

The whole thing couldn't have taken more than a minute, but it left me with a profound and unsettling feeling. It was just so… wrong. You don’t just stop a bus in the literal middle of nowhere. There were no lights, no buildings, no crossroads. Nothing. Why would anyone get off there? Where could he possibly be going? And why did the driver just let him?

I looked around the bus. No one else seemed to have noticed or cared. The man across the aisle was snoring softly. The woman in front of me was buried under a blanket. I felt a weirdly urgent need for someone else to have seen it, to validate my own sense of disbelief.

Then I saw something else.

As I stared out the window into the darkness where the kid had vanished, I saw a flicker. It was incredibly faint, easy to miss. A tiny pulse of light, out in the blackness where he'd been walking. It wasn’t a car headlight or a light from a house. It was a rhythmic, strobing pulse. It had no color I could name—it was just \*light\*, a sterile, white-gray flicker that seemed to suck the color out of the air around it. It blinked on and off, on and off, in a steady, hypnotic rhythm. It was a kind of movement, a visual beat in the silent, empty landscape. I watched it until the bus rounded a long, gentle curve in the highway and the darkness became absolute again.

I didn't sleep for the rest of the trip. My mind was a tangled mess of questions. When we finally pulled into the terminal in the gray light of dawn, I waited for everyone to get off, and then I went up to the driver.

“Excuse me,” I said, trying to sound casual. “Back there, a few hours ago, we stopped to let a guy off. I was just curious, what was out there? Is there a town or something I couldn’t see?”

The driver was finishing up his paperwork. He didn't look at me. “It’s a designated stop,” he grunted.

“A designated stop?” I pressed. “There was nothing there. I didn’t see a sign or anything.”

He finally looked up, and his eyes were tired and flat. “Some folks live way out. We stop for them. It’s on the route.”

His tone was final. It was a brick wall. But I knew he was lying. There was no way that was a designated stop. There was nothing there to designate. The way he said it, the rote, practiced answer… it was clear he’d been asked before. I thanked him and got off the bus, the feeling of unease now a hard knot in my stomach.

For the next few weeks, I tried to forget about it. I went about my visit, spent time with my family, and tried to convince myself it was just one of those weird, unexplainable road trip stories. Maybe the kid was meeting someone. Maybe he was an eccentric who liked to camp in the desert. Maybe the light was from an airplane, or a radio tower I couldn’t see properly.

But I couldn't shake it. The image of him walking into that crushing darkness, and the silent, colorless pulse of that light. It was burned into my memory.

When I got home, the obsession took root. I started searching online. My first searches were vague and useless: “bus stopping in middle of nowhere,” “man walks into desert at night,” “strange lights on interstate.” I got thousands of results, all of them unrelated—UFO sightings, ghost stories, conspiracy theories. Nothing that matched the specific, mundane strangeness of what I had witnessed.

I realized I needed to be more specific. I knew the bus route, and I had a rough idea of the time, so I could estimate the location—a long, desolate stretch of highway between two state lines. I started searching for missing persons cases.

I typed in the name of the state, the county, and the word “missing.” I set the date range for the last five years.

And that’s when I found him.

Not the kid from my bus, but another one. A college student who had vanished two years prior. He was last seen boarding the exact same bus route I had been on. His family said he had become distant and withdrawn in the weeks leading up to his disappearance. He told a friend he kept hearing a “faint music” that no one else could hear, and he felt “drawn” to the west. His abandoned car was found at the bus station in the city where I’d started my journey. He was never seen again.

My blood ran cold.

I kept digging. I refined my search terms. “Missing,” “bus route,” “interstate number,” “hearing things.”

I found another. A woman in her thirties, three years ago. She’d left a note for her husband saying she had to go, that she was being “called home,” to a place she’d never been. She was last seen on a bus ticket manifest for the same overnight route.

Another. A teenage runaway from four years back. His friend told police that the boy had become obsessed with a “pattern of static” he claimed to hear on the radio between stations, and that he said it was “a map.”

I found twelve of them. Twelve missing persons cases spanning the last decade, all connected to that same stretch of road. The details varied, but the core elements were always there. A sudden, uncharacteristic need to travel that specific route. A growing obsession with a sound, or a hum, or a song that no one else could perceive. A sense of being “drawn” or “called.” They were all different ages, different backgrounds, but they were all last seen heading into that same vast, empty darkness.

I felt sick. I wasn't crazy. What I saw was real. It was a pattern. The kid with wasn’t the first.

The fear should have been enough to make me stop. To delete my search history, burn my bus ticket, and never think about it again. Any sane person would have walked away.

But I couldn’t. The questions were too loud. What was that light? What was the sound they were all hearing? What was happening to these people? The mystery of it was a hook that had sunk deep into me. I felt like I had pulled back a curtain just a single inch and seen something I shouldn't have, and now I was compelled to see what was on the rest of the stage.

I knew what I had to do. I had to go back.

But this time, I would be prepared.

I spent the next month gathering equipment. I emptied a good chunk of my savings. I bought a high-end DSLR camera known for its low-light video capabilities and a professional-grade shotgun microphone designed to capture sound from a distance. I also bought a parabolic microphone dish to focus on specific, faint audio sources. I got a new laptop with powerful editing software and a set of noise-canceling headphones, the best I could afford. I felt like a storm chaser, but I was chasing a void.

Two weeks ago, I booked my ticket. The same route, the same overnight schedule. As I packed my bag with the equipment, my hands were shaking. A part of my brain was screaming at me, calling me an idiot, telling me to stop. But the compulsion to know was stronger than the fear.

The first few hours of the bus ride were agonizing. Every bump in the road made me jump. I sat in the same seat as before, by the window, my bag of equipment clutched on my lap like a holy relic. The bus was half-full, a familiar mix of sleepy travelers and quiet loners. I scanned their faces, looking for the same dazed, disconnected expression I’d seen on the kid. But everyone just looked tired.

As night fell and we entered that same desolate stretch of highway, my heart sank. I watched the mile markers, trying to pinpoint the exact spot. The landscape outside was a featureless, inky black canvas.

My hands grew sweaty. Maybe it wouldn't happen this time. Maybe it was a fluke, a one-in-a-million thing I just happened to see. I almost started to relax, telling myself I had wasted my money and my time on a paranoid fantasy.

And then I saw it. The glow of the single overhead light at the front of the bus.

My breath hitched in my throat.

This time it was a woman. She looked to be in her late forties, dressed in plain, practical clothes. She had short graying hair and a blank, placid look on her face. She walked to the driver, her steps slow and even. She murmured something. The driver nodded that same, slow, indifferent nod.

The bus began to slow down. The hiss of the air brakes cut through the drone of the engine.

This was it.

My hands moved automatically, a sequence I had practiced a dozen times in my apartment. I pulled out the camera, flicked it to video mode, and adjusted the low-light settings. I unzipped my bag, grabbed the shotgun mic, and plugged it in. The bus rolled to a stop on the shoulder.

The doors sighed open. The woman stepped off without a word, without a bag, without a backward glance. The doors closed. The bus began to move.

I pressed the camera lens against the cool glass of the window, my knuckles white. I hit record.

Through the viewfinder, I saw her. A lone figure, walking directly away from the road, just like the kid. She moved with that same unnerving, dreamlike purpose. I kept the camera on her as she shrank into the distance, a small, dark shape against an even darker background.

And then, I saw the light.

Faint at first, then stronger. The same colorless, strobing pulse. It was exactly where she was walking. I zoomed in as much as I could, but the digital zoom just turned the image into a pixelated mess. The light was just a blinking dot. But it was there. I was recording it.

I swung the shotgun mic towards the sound source—or rather, where the light was. I put on my noise-canceling headphones and plugged them into the camera's audio monitor.

At first, all I could hear was the rumble of the bus and the whisper of the wind against the microphone. I held my breath, concentrating.

And then I heard it.

It wasn't loud. It was so, so quiet, buried deep beneath the other sounds. A hum. A low, throbbing, resonant hum. It was a single, impossibly deep note that seemed to vibrate in my bones more than my eardrums. It was the kind of frequency you feel in your chest cavity.

And the feeling it produced… that was the most terrifying part.

I was expecting something jarring, something sinister or discordant. But this was the opposite. As the hum filled my headphones, a wave of profound peace washed over me. The anxiety that had been coiling in my gut for weeks just… dissolved. My racing heart slowed to a steady, calm beat. I felt a sense of tranquility, of rightness, that I have never felt in my entire life. It felt like coming home after a long, hard journey. It felt like being understood. It felt like belonging.

The irrationality of it was what scared me. My logical mind was screaming in panic, screaming that this was wrong, that this feeling was an anesthetic, a lure. But the emotional part of my brain, the part that was soaking in that beautiful, peaceful hum, didn't care. It just wanted more.

I kept recording for as long as I could, until the light and the sound faded into the distance. I finally stopped the recording and slumped back in my seat, my body trembling. The feeling of peace slowly receded, leaving behind a cold, terrifying residue. I took off the headphones, and the familiar, mundane drone of the bus engine sounded harsh and ugly in comparison.

I didn't dare listen to the recording again on the bus. I packed the equipment away carefully, my hands still shaking. I spent the rest of the journey in a state of high-alert, a deep-seated dread warring with the memory of that unnatural calm.

When I got home, I locked my door, drew my blinds, and imported the files to my laptop. My sanctuary, my own apartment, suddenly felt flimsy and unsafe.

First, the video. I played it back on my large monitor. It was just as I remembered: the dark figure walking, the faint, strobing light. I used the software to enhance the footage, boosting the brightness, sharpening the contrast. The figure remained an indistinct shape, but the light… the light was clearer now.

I went frame-by-frame. It wasn’t just a simple on-and-off blink. It was a pattern. A complex, shifting, geometric pattern. The light was a structure of light, impossibly intricate, that was folding and unfolding in on itself. It was symmetrical, mathematical. It was a language written in pulses of non-color. Watching it, even on the screen, was mesmerizing. My eyes traced the shifting lines, and I felt a strange sense of… recognition. As if some ancient, dormant part of my brain knew what it was looking at, even if I consciously didn't.

Then, the audio.

I put on my best headphones and isolated the audio track. I filtered out the rumble of the bus and the hiss of the wind. I amplified the low-frequency hum.

And there it was again. That deep, resonant thrum.

Listening to it in the safety of my own home, without the immediate terror of being there, the effect was even more potent. The deep sense of peace rolled over me, warm and heavy like a blanket. My worries about my job, my rent, my future—they all seemed petty and insignificant. The knots of tension in my shoulders and neck uncoiled. I felt my jaw unclench.

This is what they heard. This is what drew them in. It wasn't a malicious sound. It was the most beautiful, comforting sound I had ever heard. It promised an end to all struggle, all pain, all loneliness. It promised a place where you belonged.

I listened to it for what felt like ten minutes, but when I looked at the clock, an hour had passed. I had just been sitting there, staring at the black screen, lost in the sound.

I shook myself out of it, a jolt of real fear finally cutting through the placid fog. This thing was dangerous. Not because it was scary, but because it wasn't. It was a siren song for the soul-weary. It was a trap laid with a velvet cushion.

I knew I couldn’t keep this to myself. This was bigger than me. The police would think I was insane. But someone had to see this, to hear this. Someone else had to know.

So I uploaded the raw files to a secure cloud server. I edited the best clips, the clearest shot of the light pattern and the cleanest audio of the hum. And I started writing this post. It’s taken me hours to get it all down, to try and explain the sequence of events and the feelings that came with them, but It’s been three days since I made this post, and something has changed. I deleted all what I uploaded, and got back to write more in this post.

I couldn’t stop myself. After I wrote the post, I told myself I was done with it. I would let the internet hive-mind pick it apart and I would step away. But the memory of the sound… the feeling… it was like an itch in my brain I couldn’t scratch. The silence in my apartment felt… wrong, aggressive and empty.

I found myself listening to the audio clip again. Just for a second, I told myself. Just to remember what it was like.

That second turned into minutes. The minutes turned into hours. I’ve had the audio playing on a loop.

At first, I was scared. I fought it. But after a while, the fear just… faded. It was replaced by something else. Understanding.

The peace it brings is a clarification. It strips away all the useless noise of modern life—the anxiety, the ambition, the constant, nagging feeling of not being enough. All of that is static. 

And the video… the pattern of light. I’ve been watching that on a loop, too. The audio and the video are connected. The throbbing of the hum is the rhythm of the light’s pulse. They are two parts of the same whole. A single piece of communication.

And I understand it now.

My brain just needed time to adjust, to learn the language. I can see it so clearly. The way the lines intersect, the way the geometry blossoms and retracts.

I don’t know why I was so scared. There’s nothing to be afraid of. It’s an invitation. I was wrong about what I saw. Those people, the ones who were missing, were just pilgrims.

The pattern makes sense now. It’s a map. The shifting lines show a path through space itself. It’s a key, a sequence to unlock something. It’s a… home. That’s the only word for it. A place where all the broken pieces of you fit together perfectly. A place of total, absolute belonging.

I’ve been living my whole life in a gray, fuzzy world, and for the first time, I can hear the music and see the light in perfect clarity. Everything else feels like a dream. This is the only real thing.

I just bought a one-way bus ticket. The next overnight trip leaves in a few hours.

I have to go back.

I have to see it for myself.
Title: Status Report

“And what are you gonna do about it? I don’t—”

That was all Petrikov could say before my fist connected with his jaw, knocking him off balance as he stumbled towards the ground. 

“YOU don’t get to decide things anymore. You’re the reason we’re in this mess.” I spat, my anger growing by the second.

Our mission was simple: Stay on the Maintenance Space Station as it drifted through its predetermined route, be on standby while the Station autonomously performed the repairs needed on the Ganymede Resupply Post, then get our happy asses back home to collect the check. Easy money, they said.

 

My hand ached, I guess I hit Petrikov harder than I intended. As I flexed my fingers— and with that motion I was brought back to the start of the mission, before things had gotten so bad.

\[Mission Start\]

I had just sealed my gloves, the last step needed before Central Command would tell you which transportation pod to board. 

“So you got that Ellis?” Chief Adams asked.

“Yeah, sounds normal enough.” I responded, not having listened to a word he said. 

I had been doing this for so long that I just knew how to do the work without thinking about it anymore, it was all routine.

Standing in the transportation pod, I moved my eyes around to see how many crew members I’d have this time. You know it’s funny, it doesn’t matter if you are in a team of three or a team of twelve, they always positioned our restrainer seats facing at least one other member. This would be nice if you could actually move and talk, but since you’re restrained the only real options you have are either glancing around and making awkward eye contact with the person in front of you or you could close your eyes and go to sleep. I chose the latter.

Once we were docked onto the MSS and released the transportation pod the job was pretty much over; I had worked on enough of these maintenance missions to know we literally just sit here and wait until the Station begins its autonav to our destination. Aside from something going wrong we really didn’t have much to do. 

The three of us stood there— no one introduced themselves, just stood there looking around the room.

“Does anyone else see that?” The taller one of the men facing me asked, pointing to a loose panel on the bulkhead. Now that I saw it myself it did seem out of place in the otherwise flawless assembly of the station’s walls. 

Without a word the shorter, stockier of the two walked over and fixed the panel.

“I will be in my cot. If there is an emergency, talk to me but otherwise leave me alone.” He said, flatly.

I’d like to say that after that there was an emergency, but the reality is nothing happened for a long time. I had come to learn that the taller of the two men is named Weston, and for all that he told me he seems to be a decent guy. Has a family back at home, a wife and some older kids. Took the job so that he could afford to retire himself and his wife, considering he will be about retirement age by the time we come back. I’ll most likely be in my fifties. I don’t know about the fat man as he hasn’t left his cot since that first day, to be honest we only know he’s still alive because he snores really loudly whenever he sleeps.

I was sitting at the table listening to Weston complain about the recluse when an echoing BEEP came through the station’s conference room.

“Shit.” I said. Hearing a beep is not good, as a beep means Command sent us a message. If Command had bothered to send us a message that means that something really bad must have happened, given how long it would take for any kind of back and forth communication to happen.

Without a word, Weston and I made our way towards the conference room.

When we got there however I saw the antisocial man standing in the center of the room, a greenish white egg in his hands.

“Alright, which one of you two put this here?” He asked, staring at us.

“Dunno, that’s not mine.” I said with a shrug.

“I didn’t put that there either.” Weston replied avoiding eye contact with the man in front of him.

A thick silence hung in the air as we stood there, looking at one another. After a moment the man sat the egg on the table, which promptly rolled off said table and cracked onto the floor next to us, seeping out a green goo.

“Looks like it’s not an issue anymore.” I said.

“Ha ha” The man said sarcastically before continuing, “I’ll still send a status report to Central Command so they’re aware of it, but I guess it was nothing so sorry for the bother.”

“It’s fine. What’s your name anyways?” Weston asked, but I could sense he wanted this conversation to end sooner rather than later.

“Petrikov.” The man said before walking away towards his hermitage.

I thought nothing of it honestly, probably just leftover cargo from another expedition. As I was turning back towards my own solitude Weston asked:

“Should we clean this or…?”

“Nah, fuck it.” I said. We didn’t bring it on board so it’s not really our problem honestly, I’m sure it’ll be fine.

After that life aboard the MSS resumed its monotony for a while, the egg was cleaned up at some point and things went back to normal. It’s strange to be in that kind of routine as you find yourself seeking the comfort of doing mundane things, even when the most exciting part of said routine was whenever the panel fell off on the bulkhead or we had to send out our biweekly status report back to Central to let them know we were still alive and doing our jobs. Sometimes though Command would ask us if we had any messages for our families which was nice of them to do. It was while I was filling out one of these forms that I first heard Weston scream.

I got to the conference room as soon and stood there as I processed the scene before me. Weston was standing in front of a green… thing. It’s hard to explain how it looked but it was like someone made a troll sized play doh sculpture of a human, indents placed where facial features and other openings would have been. Its hands didn’t really end in fingers but short stocky stumps, perfectly rounded at its tip.

“What the fuck…” I said, staring in awe and not really knowing what I was looking at. While I could tell that the thing in front of us was alive, it wasn’t attacking us. Not yet anyways.

Petrikov pushed past me into the room, stopping mid step when he realized what we were dealing with.

“You two” He barked looking at Weston and I “Out of the room, now. Grab something we can use as a weapon.”

A weapon what…? I guess it’s better to be safe than sorry but was it really smart to make this thing feel threatened? Would we even be able to do anything if it chose to attack?

“Petrikov relax man, let’s just quarantine the room with sealant foam and contact command.” I said, putting a hand on his shoulder.

“Don’t tell me what to do and don’t fucking touch me.” He said before shrugging off my hand. “The fact that this alien is standing in front of us means whatever space craft is used was undetected by our station. Contacting Command would just take too long and I have a bad feeling about this thing, looking at it makes me feel like I’m growing a tumor inside my fucking head.”

“And what if it didn’t use a space craft to get here?” I asked. He was right though, this thing did have a subtle sense of wrongness attached to it.

“Then God help us all.”

While we waited for Weston’s return with what would hopefully be a solution to our situation, the creature just stood there, not really doing anything. Looking at it was strange, I felt weirdly… attached to it? I knew that that didn’t make sense, this weird alien obviously was not supposed to be here but at the same time… It was almost like whenever I would look at it I would see a younger version of myself who I was, that little kid who used to chase squirrels at the park and loved dinosaurs. I found myself looking at its face the most. Its indents were just so weird I couldn’t really look away from them… its angles and shadows almost hypnotizing me.

Wait… did it just grow an eye?

I couldn’t really tell if that was what they were… in the indents where eyes would be on a person’s face there were two small holes, to be honest I couldn’t really tell if they were actual holes or just black pupils staring back at me.

“I found these guys.” Weston said, carrying what appeared to be a bottle of sealant foam and a dinging hammer. “I didn’t really know which way we wanted to go with this so…” He trailed off, looking at the ground.

Petrikov took the dinging hammer from Weston, and before we could say anything he lunged at the creature and hit it with the hammer firmly on the side of its head. One hit was all he could get in however, because the hammer got stuck to its skin the moment it made contact. Whatever this thing was, it wasn’t friendly anymore after that.

It was hard to describe the sound it made. I couldn’t really hear it but I felt it making its way to the inside of my brain like a parasite, gnawing away at my head and I just knew shit had hit the fan then. That’s when I noticed Petrikov beside me. His ears were bleeding.

“Petrikov GET BACK.” I shouted, before I snatched the bottle from Weston and just started spraying the thing head to toe in the foam. I wasn’t sure if it would do anything but this is all we had.

Stepping back I continued to spray the foam, coagulating it all into a huge pile with the creature stuck in the middle. I prayed then, hoping that if there was a god out there it would be kind enough to grant us a quick death if this thing got out.

“We’re getting better weapons and we’re going back in there.” Petrikov barked, his words cutting through the silence.

“Absolutely not.” I retorted. 

“I don’t want to either, we need to blockade this section completely and make foam wa-”

“Fine. I will come back with better weapons and kill it.” Petrikov cut him off.

“What the fuck is your problem?” I snapped at him, my growing dislike of him hardening into hatred. “It’s like you’re hellbent on getting us killed. We are NOT going to try engaging with this thing any further, we have to contain it completely before it does anything else and I won’t let you jeopardize it.” 

“And what are you gonna do about it? I don’t—”

That was all Petrikov could say before my fist connected with his jaw, knocking him off balance as he stumbled towards the ground. 

“YOU don’t get to decide things anymore. You’re the reason we’re in this mess” I spat, my anger growing by the second.

Our mission was simple: Stay on the Maintenance Space Station as it drifted through its predetermined route, be on standby while the Station autonomously performed the repairs needed on the Ganymede Resupply Post, then get our happy asses back home to collect the check. Easy money, they said.

 

My hand ached, I guess I hit Petrikov harder than I intended. As I flexed my fingers— and with that motion I was brought back to the start of the mission, before things had gotten so bad.

But that was then, and I had to prioritize my survival now.

“You motherfucker.” Petrikov said as he stood up and started closing the space between us, but Weston blocked his path at the last moment. Petrikov tried to push past him but Weston was stronger.

“Fuck you both.” He said defeated. “I’m telling you, if we don’t kill that thing now we are going to die.”

“You tried to hammer it and it just made things worse.” I said, checking my ears. Yup, I was bleeding too.

“Maybe we can burn it if blunt force won’t do it?” Weston suggested, Petrikov staring at him like he was stupid all the while.

“No we can’t make a controlled fire in here, the sprinklers would kick in before it got big enough to burn it.” I said, shutting that idea down. “We could try acid.” I said, desperately reaching for a solution.

“And where would we get that genius?” Petrikov said sarcastically. “Unless you can synthesize your own from the cleaning supplies we don’t have anything corrosive enough to melt that thing. And even then what would you do just throw it on it? Jesus, I'm surrounded by idiots.” He said, putting his palm to his face.

“Fuck you.” I said. 

“Fuck yo-” 

“ENOUGH.” Weston shouted, frustrated. “I am not going to die because you two assholes can get along. “Ellis cut it with the slick shit and help me think here.” He added, staring at me.

We stood there in a suffocating silence. We were mere feet away from an alien while being stuck on a space station that won’t reach its destination for years, with no real way to get external help. 

“You know…” Petrikov started, a weird tone to his voice. “We could do a manual override of the station and careen it into a nearby asteroid. It’d kill us but the thing would die too.”

“What? No! I want to make it home to my family man. This job wasn’t supposed to be dangerous.” Weston protested, obviously starting to panic.

“You think I want to die? Would you rather that shit follow us to Ganymede, kill everyone at the post?” Petrikov said, getting in Weston’s face. “Or maybe have it come home to Earth and just kill people there instead?” He continued, trying to get a reaction out of Weston.

While they were arguing I was thinking about ideas… there was something we could do, which only might have been our only option at this point.

“What if instead of overriding the navigation we did that to the sprinklers? That way we could burn this thing; fire extinguishers on standby in case the fire starts to spread or get too out of control.” I said, cutting them both off. Petrikov chuckled.

“Looks like you don’t have shit for brains after all.” He said, something not too dissimilar from respect creeping into his voice.

That was our plan and we followed it. I stood on the opposite side of the door frame as Weston as we watched Petrikov walk into the room, one of his smuggled bottles of alcohol in one hand and a wet rag in the other.

By this point most of the foam had dissolved, it seemed that whatever this creature was it was acidic to some capacity. Even as I recount it now I can hear the constant sizzling that surrounded us, a ticking time bomb mere feet away just waiting to explode.

After a few moments passed we saw the top of its head poke out from a freshly burnt section of the foam mound, and we knew then that that was our opening.

Petrikov took a few steps forward and launched the bottle at it.

Crack. 

That was the last sound I heard before the explosion.

I stood up from the ground, and stood in terror at what I saw. The wires around us were now on fire, with debris flown everywhere. I could see Petrikov lying limply on the ground, it looked like he was blown back into the wall. He wasn’t breathing anymore.

 As I looked into the conference room I could see that the foam ate most of the blast so thankfully our hull wasn’t compromised, but as I looked past the flames and the surrounding structural damage I saw Weston.

He was talking to the thing.

“Weston, get away from it!” I shouted, but he didn’t react.

I started walking towards him but he turned around and yelled:

“GET AWAY FROM PETRIKOV!”

Weston rushed me and started beating on me like an ape. I was shocked and slow to react so he nailed me in the face hard.

“ELLIS COME HERE AND HELP ME KILL IT.”

Ellis? I’m the one that he’s attacking. What the hell does he mean Ellis?

Oh fuck.

I looked at the thing behind Weston, and while it was hard to make out its features it looked like… me. 

“Weston, that's not me!” I tried to shout while defending myself from his attacks, but it was no use. It was like he wasn’t able to hear me. I knew then what I had to do.

I started to fight back. I curled my hands into fists and just started hitting him. First I focused on his body but no matter how hard I hit him he wouldn’t stop so I started hitting him in his face. It wasn’t until I got lucky and one of my punches connected with his jaw that he went down.

Exhausted, I stood there looking over Weston’s body.

“I’m sorry, friend.”

I turned my focus to the alien. The source of all of our pain and suffering stood there in front of me, and I was unarmed. This thing could fuck with people’s heads, so what chance did I stand? But at the same time that is precisely why I had to make sure this thing didn’t make it out, it can’t escape the MSS no matter what. 

And then I looked at it. If I wasn’t sure before I could now say with certainty that it did in fact have eyes. They were big, too big for its head and too human like for an alien. And even though I knew this I still hesitated.

I… didn’t want to hurt it. After all of this I stood here looking at it. I couldn’t understand why, but while I was aware that this thing was a treat my body just wouldn’t move toward it. Would it really be so bad if it lived? Maybe it was just scared.

I snapped myself out of it. What was I thinking? 

If I couldn’t fight it I had to run. I turned around and started running, the thing seemingly reacting by releasing that horrible sound again. I nearly fell off balance as I ran through the station’s different sections, but thankfully whatever this thing was it could not move fast.

I slammed open the doors of the control room of the station and barricaded them immediately. Not sparing a second I immediately began overriding the station’s navigation systems, resetting us to a nearby asteroid. Then I disabled the landing procedures.

And so that brings us to now. Last I checked the ETA was approximately eight Earth minutes, won’t be long now.

Command I hope that this recounting of events reaches you, and if it does please tell my family I love them. Tell my wife I’m sorry and that I love her. Tell my little boy I love him more than he could know.

It’s getting closer now. I hear it sizzling through the door; soon it will breach that and corrode my barricade. I see them too, Petrikov and Weston. They’re smiling at me and telling me to take down the barricade, let the alien in. “He’s just a friend”, they’ll say like I don’t know any better. It’s like this thing thinks I’m stupid or something. Well no matter, my time is coming soon and I’ll be damned if I let that bastard get to me. He’ll have to fight for it.

I sent the message, now all I had to do was wait.

The sizzling was louder now, quickly followed by the sound of my barricade corroding and falling apart. Looking at it I pointed my index finger to the visor above me, displaying an ever growing asteroid inching closer by the second. I knew it understood when it looked back at me once more.

I saw fear in its eyes.
Title: Cookie Cutter

I keep waking up with strange markings. They are scattered across my body. I have tried staying awake, I have tried recording my room throughout the night, I have tried everything I could think of. The footage keeps corrupting, the audio is static slop, and just useless.

The first one came about a month ago, now. I woke up to find a pumpkin shaped indent across my right pec. After rubbing the sleep from my eyes, I poked at the strange shape. It stung something fierce.

I rushed to the bathroom, inspecting myself in the mirror. I poked at the cut, and it was still painful. There was no scab, no bleeding, no anything. Just a gaping hole in my chest that stung like hand sanitizer in a paper cut. Except the paper cut was pumpkin shaped and massive. It felt surreal, like someone would hop out from the shadows and announce I was being pranked. This was just plain weird.

I rushed through my apartment, noting nothing out of the ordinary. The front door was still locked, the alarm was still engaged. Paranoid as I was, I wasted no time and dialed the police.

I walked behind the two officers as they inspected my rooms. They noted nothing out of the ordinary, aside from the hole on my chest. I felt anger swell up, but fought it down as they gave me the “don't waste our time, call us only for emergencies” spiel, before leaving me to my own devices.

I knocked on the neighboring apartment door. Maybe they might’ve heard or seen something?

“Hu-hello?” A timid woman answered the door, only opening the door a crack.

“Can I like, come in or something? I don't feel safe in my apartment,” I asked, chewing my lower lip. Either she was too naive, or she could sense the seriousness in my request. She undid the lock and let me in.

“Look, I don't know how or why or what, but something stole a chunk of my flesh!” I spat, pacing back and forth.

The short haired woman sat quietly, watching. Her face remained blank, giving very little for me to make of it. “What did it take, exactly?” She prodded, volume barely above a whisper. Her lips twitched slightly, maybe unnerved?

“It cut out a chunk of my skin! Here, look-” I paused, refraining from pulling up mt shirt to show off the odd wound.

“Thanks for not, um, yknow,” she said, awkwardly.

“Yeah… but anyways. Did you hear or see anything last night?”

She shook her head, frowning slightly. “Afraid not, sorry. I'll let you know if I notice anything unusual.”

The next few weeks came and passed. Every day, a spot was carved into my flesh. One was shaped like a cartoon ghost. Another was in the shape of a Christmas tree. They were all shaped like cookie cutters.

Every day, I wake up to another one. I don't know how long until whatever is stealing my flesh, steals more. I don't know how to stop it. Hell, I don't even know what it's using my flesh for.

The woman next door hasn't gotten back to me. The police weren't helpful. The first few have not showed any signs of closing nor healing. I am slowly disappearing into cookie cutter shapes and I see no end in send. Someone, please save me.
Title: I wrote a song that does something terrifying to anyone who hears it.

I’m a reasonably well-known musician, but I won’t reveal my name on Reddit; a tricky feat, so I may unwittingly provide details which hint at my identity. I’ll try to be as vague as possible. That’ll protect me.

But it won’t protect you.

After my last album underperformed, my record label issued an ultimatum: record a hit that finally makes you a household name, or we’ll drop you.

The problem, in this era, is that everybody’s consuming something different. There are so many different platforms. So many ways to discover music. Too many ways. In turn, there are successful newcomers to the music industry, but no new household names. There is no monoculture anymore. My parents have never heard Chappell or Sabrina in their circles, but Beyoncé? Everyone knew, and knows, her. Things were different twenty years ago.

The point is: I was facing an impossible challenge. Even if my song *were* to go viral on TikTok, so what? People over the age of twenty wouldn’t care. I wasn’t going to become a “household name”. I was screwed. My record label was going to drop me, no matter how well this song performed, because they didn’t understand the industry. Of course, perhaps I was getting too old as well; I mean, I turned thirty not so long ago. Perhaps I should have accepted defeat.

Then none of us would be facing this nightmare.

I just need you to understand the factors at play.

I need you to understand my level of desperation.

*Oh, boo-hoo. The poor musician. Fan those eyes with your wads of cash.*

There. I’ve typed the mean comment for you.

But I’m not rich. Again, remember, I’m not a household name. There are plenty of successful musicians with average salaries, and I’ve always been one of them. With that in mind, I was an average Joe, looking at losing his job. I needed the label because I didn’t have the foggiest as to how to go it alone. I was sure I wouldn’t succeed as an independent musician.

The only solution, in my deluded mind, was to write the greatest song known to man.

*That* would make me a household name, even in this impossible new industry.

I’d written a handful of decent songs for my next album already, but those wouldn’t cut it. They were decent. They would please my fans, but the label had been quite clear: write the next big hit.

I spent two years slaving away. Pouring myself into one song. Letting my other tracks gather dust. Begging the record label for another month, and another, and another. Strangely, they allowed me that extra time. I sent them snippets of ideas, and they were intrigued enough to give me extensions.

*Well, I must be on the right track*, I kept telling myself. *Must be*.

That’s the thing. I’d never wrestled so much with a song before. If it doesn’t work, ditch it. That’s my motto. But this one was different. Have you ever felt your brain tingle when listening to a beautiful piece of music? They call it frisson. Imagine frisson across not only your brain, but your very heart; across your fingers, as you plink the ivories of your grand piano.

That was what this song was doing to me. Every day. It had nothing to do with personal or profound lyrics, and everything to do with the melody itself.

It was the perfect melody.

I realised that this morning when I finally finished. It had taken months and months of tinkering, and knowing that I was “close” to perfection, but then, sometime around breakfast today, something clicked. I’d done it. Every note was in its right place.

The song was complete.

I welled up as I sent off the finished demo, entitled *Fields*, to my label around midday. It was a track not about heartbreak, or strife, or any astute topic. It was simply about the beauty of the rolling pastures visible from the window of my home. *Fields* was built of ordinary parts. No otherworldly instruments. Just a man and his piano, with some synths and other flourishes added to the demo I’d emailed. But, at its heart, it was a simple piece.

There was no great secret to creating the perfect melody.

Or perhaps that secret remains a mystery to me.

“Let’s hear it, then!” said Uncle Jeffrey earlier this afternoon.

Today was my son’s third birthday party, and the living room was filled with my relatives. I didn’t want to steal Freddie’s thunder, but my wife, Carla, nodded to say that it was okay. Jeffrey didn’t have to do much pushing or prodding to get me to sit down at the piano; I’m an artist, after all, and even the nice ones are a little self-absorbed and obnoxiously performative.

“If you insist,” I said with a theatrical stretch of my hands.

I played the simplest of arpeggios and sang the simplest of melodies, but it wasn’t complexity that made *Fields* so intoxicating. And I, smug as can be, knew it was intoxicating before there even came any external validation. First was a murmur of ecstasy that Aunt Linda let out only ten seconds into the song. Then some of my relatives began to clap, only twenty seconds into the song.

*A little much, isn’t that?* any sane person would think.

The thought crossed my mind, or my gut, and I should’ve listened to it. The niggling feeling that had been there since even the early days of me composing the barebones framework of *Fields*. When it was nothing but a vocal melody in my head, from a dream; as if I were McCartney penning *Yesterday*.

I don’t remember that dream now.

Part of me thinks I don’t want to remember it, for there is a black space in my memory.

I’ve always felt as if the song had a life of its own. That frisson I felt in my brain, my heart, and my fingers wasn’t necessarily *euphoric* frisson.

I just hadn’t admitted that to myself.

I only started to admit it about sixty seconds into playing *Fields* for my family.

The clapping became frenzied; too frenzied, even for the greatest song ever written. The slapping of flesh sounded, in fact, so vigorous that I imagined it must be painful. Above all else, it was starting to drown out my playing and singing. There was laughter too. Joyous laughter. It mixed with what eventually became, quite distinctly, the sound of crying.

Uncle Jeffrey and Aunt Linda were crowding me, their stale breaths on my neck as they leant over my shoulders, and I could hear Carla blubbering behind them. My own wife. She’d always loved my music, but *crying*? She’d never cried before.

It was then that I paused and took a look over my shoulder, unnerved by the reaction of the audience.

The moment I did, the clapping stopped.

My aunts, uncles, cousins, and even my own wife and three-year-old son were eyeing me in the most uneasily disparaging manner.

“Keep playing,” whispered Uncle Jeffrey, face nearly touching mine, then he shouted, *“NOW!”*

I let out a horrified yelp and a trickle of tears, and I swivelled back around to face the piano. I didn’t know what was happening. Fear paralysis had struck my mind, so I simply did as I was told. I played. I sang. I picked up from verse two.

The clapping started up again, and Uncle Jeffrey placed a hand on my shoulder, startling me into singing a note a little sharp, or a little flat. I’m not sure. All I know is that, simultaneously, the dozen or so people in the room let out a conjoined shriek of pain, as if part of a hive mind wounded by my error.

And I let out a shriek of my own as there followed a brief but burning pain in my shoulder.

Uncle Jeffrey had bitten me.

*Deeply;* I could already feel the blood staining my shirt.

He clasped a hand over my mouth to stifle my screech. “No. There’ll be none of that. Keep playing, and do not make a mistake again.”

He released my lips, and I took a few shaky breaths, shoulder throbbing in agony and face damp from such profuse sobs. My uncle hovered over my shoulder, puffs of breath coming hotter and heavier against my face by the second as I stalled. I needed to collect myself. I didn’t know what would happen otherwise.

*Another mistake might be the end of me*, I realised.

I didn’t dare turn around, not even to look at my wife or my boy. They seemed, like everyone else, to have changed in some unnatural way.

They saw not me, but a performer.

I managed to continue playing, and the room lightened every so slightly. I finished off the song without any more slip-ups. Not sure how, but I did. My loved ones wailed, as if grieving, after I played that final note. They clapped, but it was furious applause; far less complimentary than before.

They were angry that the song was over.

Carla was crying so much that she went out into the garden with Freddie to calm down.

I’m glad of that, considering what happened next.

Cousin Bobby lamented, “We’ll never hear *Fields* for the first time again. Why go on living when nothing else will ever be so… so…”

“*SHUT UP!”* screamed his sister, Loretta.

I struggled to focus on more than my throbbing shoulder and my shirt sticking to the bleeding wound. I still didn’t have the courage to turn on my seat, lest I suffer the wrath of Uncle Jeffrey again. Instead, I hunched down and watched my family from the reflection of the piano, its mahogany front serving as a mirror.

The squabbling started with Bobby and Loretta shoving one another, whilst my other relatives stood and watched. The others were mumbling incomprehensible words of rage, frothing at the mouths. And then, with the same unison as that earlier cry of disapproval, they hurled themselves at one another.

I screamed as fingers clawed at eyes, faces, and any exposed flesh. Blood was painted across bodies as my own family members, who had loved each other five minutes prior, ripped one another apart. Tore as if digging through the flesh. Only Uncle Jeffrey did not engage in the violence.

He was standing and looking at me, meeting my gaze in the reflection, with a dour look on his face.

“We need more,” he whispered to me.

Then the balding man threw himself at me.

I don’t think I even screamed. I choose neither fight nor flight, but to freeze to the stool and ready myself for the end. Ready myself to be massacred like my other loved ones.

But Aunt Linda caught Uncle Jeffrey by the waist. Caught her beloved husband and threw him to the carpet with ease, for she was a decade younger and far more agile than the doddery seventy-something-year-old.

I knew I shouldn’t lean forwards to get a look in the reflection, but I did. I watched Aunt Linda push her thumbs into her husband’s eye sockets; blood trickled from his, and tears trickled from hers.

I let out a soundless cry, and my sweetheart of an aunt looked at me with a wonky smile.

“I did it for you,” she said. “Now… Now play us a song.”

“Yes,” said Cousin Jack, face scratched and mouth filled with blood. “Play us… another one…”

I shot up from my seat, shocked that I wasn’t frozen after all; that I was able to flee.

Heart feeling as if it might spring from my throat, I dashed past my relatives; most twitching in bloody puddles on the carpet, and one or two not moving at all. Then I rushed up the stairs, pursued by cries of dismay and fury up to the second floor.

I made it to my bedroom as footsteps started up the staircase, but I managed to barricade myself with a chest of drawers before there came pounding on the door.

“*WRITE US ANOTHER SONG! NOW!”* begged Cousin Jack as Aunt Linda sobbed; perhaps coming to grips with what she had done to her husband.

But I fear she was sad only that *Fields* had come to an end.

*They’re not human anymore. What have I done? I need to make sure this song never sees the…*

*The demo*, came an interrupting thought.

The one I’d sent that morning.

I checked my emails to find a very disjointed and alarming response from my manager.

*More. More. More. More. FUCKING more. NOW.*

For hours, I’ve been hiding in my room, listening to the thumps, and guttural shrieks, and near-incoherent pleas of my surviving relatives beyond the door. They won’t quit. I keep thinking of Carla and Freddie in the garden, praying they haven’t hurt one another.

And I just received an automated email from my label: they’re going to release my song. There’s usually a process. I’d have to record a polished version in the studio. But not this time. There is no polishing perfection.

*Fields* will go live on all platforms this evening.

That’s not its real name, and I want to warn you properly, but I don’t want to give myself away. I’m sorry. If you or your loved ones hear my latest song, forgive me.

I pray it won’t be a [hit](
Title: My daughter's imaginary friend knows things he shouldn't know

Lily told me about her friend on a Tuesday.

I was making dinner. Pasta with jarred sauce, the kind of meal you make when you've worked a double and your feet hurt and your daughter has been at aftercare for nine hours because that's what single mothers do. Lily sat at the kitchen table with her crayons, drawing something I hadn't looked at yet.

"Mommy, can Thomas have some?"

I didn't look up from the boiling water. "Sure, baby. Set a place for him."

She'd had imaginary friends before. Mr. Buttons when she was three, a rabbit who lived in the closet. Princess Starla for most of preschool. I'd read the articles. Imaginary friends were normal, healthy, a sign of creativity and developing social skills. I'd served Mr. Buttons invisible tea. I'd buckled Princess Starla into her car seat. This was just Lily being five.

"He likes the twirly kind," Lily said.

"The twirly kind?"

"Ro-teeny." She sounded it out carefully.

"Rotini." I turned around. "How do you know that word?"

"Thomas told me. He said it's his favorite."

I poured the pasta into the strainer and watched the steam rise. Rotini wasn't a word Lily would know. We always called it twirly pasta. I'd never used the real name in front of her.

"Where did you meet Thomas, baby?"

"In my room." She picked up a blue crayon. "He comes to visit sometimes."

"When does he visit?"

"At night. When you're sleeping."

The steam was still rising from the strainer. I watched it curl toward the ceiling.

"What does Thomas look like?"

"He's big. Bigger than you. He has a beard and his hands are scratchy."

"Scratchy?"

"Like Grandpa's face when he doesn't shave."

I set the strainer down. Walked to the table. Looked at what Lily was drawing.

A figure. Tall, taking up most of the page. Brown scribbles for hair, brown scribbles on the chin. The hands were huge. She'd drawn them twice the size of the head, the way children do when something makes an impression.

"That's Thomas?"

"Uh huh. He said I'm a good drawer."

I sat down across from her. My hands were wet from the pasta water and I hadn't grabbed a towel.

"Lily, when Thomas visits, what do you do?"

"We talk. He tells me stories. He knows a lot of stories about a girl who looks for treasure." She kept coloring, adding yellow to the figure's shirt. "He's nice, Mommy. You don't have to look scared."

"I'm not scared."

"Yes you are. You have your scared face." She looked up at me with her father's eyes. "Thomas said you might be scared when I told you about him. He said mommies get scared easy."

"Thomas said that?"

"He said I should wait to tell you. But I wanted him to have dinner with us." She set down the crayon. "Is that okay?"

I made myself smile. "Of course, baby. Let me get another plate."

I called my mother that night, after Lily was asleep.

"It's probably nothing," Mom said. "Kids that age, they pick up words from everywhere. School, TV, other kids."

"She doesn't watch cooking shows. She's five."

"So she heard it somewhere else. Maybe at aftercare. Maybe one of the other kids has a parent who cooks."

"She said his hands are scratchy. Like a man who doesn't shave."

"Honey." Mom's voice shifted into the tone she used when she thought I was being dramatic. "You're exhausted. You're doing everything alone. It's natural to worry, but this is just an imaginary friend. Don't turn it into something it's not."

"What if it's not imaginary?"

The silence on the other end lasted too long.

"What are you saying?"

"I don't know. I don't know what I'm saying."

"Have you checked the house?"

"Checked it how?"

"Locks. Windows. I don't know. Whatever you're supposed to check."

I had checked. Every window, every door. All locked. No signs of forced entry. Nothing missing. Nothing moved. I'd walked through every room with my phone flashlight while Lily slept, feeling insane, feeling like the kind of paranoid single mother everyone warned me I'd become.

"Everything's locked."

"Then there's your answer. It's an imaginary friend. Kids have them. Yours is particularly vivid. That's all."

I wanted to believe her. I tried to believe her.

Then I found the candy wrapper.

Saturday morning. Lily was watching cartoons in the living room. I was changing her sheets because she'd wet the bed, which she hadn't done in over a year. I found it under her pillow. A Werther's Original wrapper. Folded into a small square, tucked beneath the pillow like a secret.

Lily hated hard candy. She'd choked on a butterscotch when she was three and refused to eat any candy she couldn't chew. I never bought Werther's. I never bought hard candy of any kind.

I sat on the edge of her bed, holding the wrapper.

"Lily?"

She appeared in the doorway. "Yeah, Mommy?"

"Where did this come from?"

She looked at the wrapper. Then at me. Then at the floor.

"Lily."

"Thomas gave it to me." Quiet. Almost a whisper. "He brings me candy sometimes. He said it was our secret."

"What else is a secret?"

"I'm not supposed to say."

I knelt down. Eye level with her. "Baby, you can tell me anything. You won't get in trouble. I promise."

She chewed her lip the way she did when she was deciding whether to trust something.

"He said if I told you about him, he'd have to stop visiting. He said you wouldn't understand." Her eyes were wet. "But I told you anyway. And now he's going to be mad."

"Lily, this is very important. Does Thomas touch you?"

"He holds my hand sometimes. When he tells stories."

"Does he touch you anywhere else?"

"No." She shook her head. "He just talks and holds my hand and sometimes he sits on my bed and watches me sleep. He says I look like an angel when I sleep."

I called the police.

They sent an officer. Young, maybe twenty-five, with a wedding ring he kept twisting. He walked through the house and checked the windows and asked Lily questions while I stood in the doorway trying not to scream.

"Does Thomas have a last name?"

"I don't know."

"Does he come in through a door?"

"He's just there. When I wake up."

"Does he wear a uniform? Like a policeman or a mailman?"

"No. Just regular clothes."

The officer took notes. Checked the locks again. Walked the perimeter of the house while I watched from the front window. When he came back inside, his face told me everything.

"Ma'am, there's no sign of forced entry. No footprints, no disturbance. Your locks are intact. Your windows are sound."

"Then how is someone getting in?"

"I'm not sure anyone is." He said it gently. The way you say things to people you think might be fragile. "Kids this age, their imaginations..."

"I found a candy wrapper. Under her pillow. Candy I didn't buy. Candy she doesn't eat."

"Kids pick things up. School, playdates..."

"She's been at home with me or at aftercare. Every day. For months."

He closed his notebook. "I'll file a report. And I'd suggest maybe talking to someone. A counselor, someone who specializes in children. Sometimes they can tell the difference between a real experience and a very vivid imagination."

"You don't believe me."

"I believe you're scared. I believe you're doing your best." He handed me a card. "If anything else happens, anything concrete, call this number."

I looked at the card. A general information line. Not even a direct number.

That night, I slept in Lily's room. Sat in the chair in the corner with a kitchen knife on my lap, watching the door, watching the window, watching my daughter's chest rise and fall under her blanket.

Nothing happened.

She slept through the night. No one came. No sounds, no shadows, no scratchy-handed men materializing from nowhere. Just the house settling and the wind outside and my own breathing, too loud in the dark.

By 4 a.m., I felt like an idiot. By 5 a.m., I'd almost convinced myself Mom was right. By 6 a.m., when Lily woke up and found me there, I managed to smile and tell her I'd had a nightmare and wanted to be close to her.

"That's okay, Mommy. Thomas has nightmares too sometimes."

I went rigid. "He told you that?"

"He told me lots of things." She yawned, stretched, pushed her hair out of her face. "He said he had a little girl once, but she went away. He said I remind him of her."

I didn't sleep in the chair again. I slept in her bed, curled around her, one hand on the knife under the pillow.

A week passed. Then two.

Lily stopped mentioning Thomas. When I asked about him, she said he hadn't visited in a while. She seemed fine. Normal. No more bed-wetting, no more candy wrappers, no more drawings of large men with scratchy hands.

I started to relax. Started to believe what everyone was telling me. That I'd overreacted, that single-mother paranoia had gotten the best of me, that Lily's imagination had conjured a friend and then moved on the way children do.

I went back to work. Picked her up from aftercare at the regular time. Made pasta. Rotini, because she asked for it, and I didn't let myself think about why she still wanted the twirly kind.

On the third week, I found the photograph.

Lily had been coloring at the kitchen table while I cleaned. I reached under the fridge to sweep out the dust bunnies and my broom hit something solid. I got down on my knees and reached under and pulled out a photograph.

Polaroid. Old, with that yellowish tint they get. A little girl, maybe five or six, standing in front of a house I didn't recognize. Brown hair. Blue dress. Smiling.

On the white strip at the bottom, in handwritten ink: Emma, 1987.

I turned it over.

On the back, in different handwriting. Fresher, darker: She looks just like you did.

I don't remember calling the police. I don't remember what I said. I remember sitting on the kitchen floor with the photograph in my hand, and then there were more officers, and someone was talking to Lily in the living room, and someone else was asking me questions I couldn't answer.

"Who is Emma?"

"I don't know."

"Have you ever seen this photograph before?"

"No."

"Is this your handwriting on the back?"

"No."

"Ma'am, do you have any idea how this got into your house?"

"No. No. No."

They searched the house. Really searched it, this time. The attic. The basement. The crawl spaces. Every closet, every cabinet, every gap between wall and furniture.

They found nothing.

No one hiding. No signs of habitation. No evidence anyone had been in my house except me and my daughter.

But they also found no explanation for the photograph. No record of an Emma connected to me or my family. No match in any database. No fingerprints except mine, from when I'd picked it up.

"We'll increase patrols in the neighborhood," the sergeant said. "And I'd recommend a security system. Cameras, motion sensors. If someone's getting in, we'll catch them."

I had the system installed the next day. Cameras on every door, every window. Motion sensors in every room. An app on my phone that would alert me if anything moved.

Nothing moved.

For two months, nothing moved. The cameras showed empty rooms. The sensors stayed silent. Lily went to school, went to aftercare, came home, ate dinner, went to bed. She didn't mention Thomas. I didn't ask.

I started seeing a therapist. She said I'd experienced a "vigilance response" to an ambiguous threat. She said my brain had pattern-matched innocent details into a narrative of danger. She said the photograph was "concerning" but possibly explainable. A previous tenant, something that fell behind the fridge years ago, coincidence.

I wanted to believe her.

Then Lily turned six.

We had a party. Just us and Mom and a few kids from her class. Cake, presents, the whole thing. She was happy. I was happy. Normal family, normal birthday, normal life.

That night, after everyone left and Lily was asleep in her bed and I was washing frosting off plates, my phone buzzed.

Motion alert. Lily's room.

I opened the app. Pulled up the camera.

My daughter was sitting up in bed. Looking at the corner of the room where the chair used to be. I'd moved it out after those nights of sleeping there, because I couldn't stand to look at it.

She was talking.

I couldn't hear audio. The cameras were video only. But I could see her lips moving. Could see her nodding. Could see her hold out her hand toward the empty corner, palm up, like she was receiving something.

I ran.

Up the stairs, down the hall, I slammed open her door and hit the lights and she was lying down, eyes closed, blanket pulled up to her chin.

Asleep.

The corner was empty.

"Lily." I shook her. "Lily, wake up."

She blinked at me. Confused. Groggy.

"Mommy?"

"Were you just awake? Were you just sitting up?"

"No." She rubbed her eyes. "I was sleeping."

"You were talking. On the camera, you were talking."

"I was dreaming." She yawned. "I had a dream about Thomas. He said to tell you happy birthday."

"It's not my birthday."

"Not you." She closed her eyes again, already drifting. "Her. Emma. Today's Emma's birthday."

I pulled up the camera footage. Scrubbed back through the last ten minutes.

Lily, asleep. Lily, asleep. Lily, asleep.

No motion. No sitting up. No talking to the corner.

But the motion alert was in my notifications. Timestamped 9:47 p.m. The app had registered movement. Had sent the alert.

I watched the footage five times. Ten times.

Nothing.

My daughter, in bed, not moving.

But I'd seen her. Sitting up. Talking. Reaching toward something I couldn't see.

I don't know how to end this.

I don't know how to make you understand that I'm not crazy, that my daughter isn't lying, that something is in my house and I can't prove it and no one will help me.

The cameras show nothing. The locks are intact. The police have filed a dozen reports and found nothing. My therapist says I'm "processing anxiety through hypervigilance." My mother says I need more sleep.

But last night, Lily asked me if Thomas could come to her birthday party next year.

"He missed this one," she said. "He was sad about it. But he said he'll be there next time. He promised."

"Lily, Thomas isn't real."

She looked at me. Patient. A little sad.

"He said you'd say that." She went back to her cereal. "He said you're not ready yet. But you will be. He's going to wait until you're ready."

"Ready for what?"

"To meet him." She took a bite, chewed, swallowed. "He wants to meet you, Mommy. He's been waiting a long time."

I'm writing this at 3 a.m. because I can't sleep. Because I've been checking the cameras every ten minutes and nothing is there and nothing is ever there but my daughter talks to corners and knows words she shouldn't know and has a photograph of a dead girl under her pillow again because I found it there tonight when I checked.

The same photograph. Emma, 1987.

I burned it last time. I watched it curl and blacken in the kitchen sink.

It's back.

Same photograph. Same handwriting. Same little girl smiling in front of a house I've never seen.

But there's new writing on the back now.

Soon.

I don't know who Thomas is. I don't know how he's getting in. I don't know what he wants.

But he's real. He's here. He's been watching my daughter sleep.

And he's waiting for something.

If you're reading this and you have children, check on them tonight. Check the corners they talk to, the friends they describe, the words they know that you never taught them.

Check under their pillows.

And if you find something there that shouldn't exist, something you've destroyed, something that can't be explained by imagination or coincidence or a mother's paranoid mind...

Don't call the police. Don't call a therapist. Don't tell yourself it's nothing.

Run.

Because I can't run. I've tried. We stayed at my mother's house for a week, and Lily woke up every night talking to the corner of the guest room, and when we came home there was a new photograph on her pillow.

This one was of me.

Asleep in my bed.

Taken from inside my bedroom.

The date stamp said last night.

He's not just watching Lily anymore.

I don't know what happens next. I don't know what "soon" means or what he's been waiting for or why he chose us.

But Lily says he's happy now. She says he smiles more. She says he told her that the waiting is almost over.

She says he's going to introduce himself soon.

She says I'll like him.

She says everyone likes Thomas.

Eventually.
Title: Down Where the Fishes Glow - Part 2

[Part 1](

The fish hung there, staring at me, as if to say “Well, isn’t this what you wanted?”

And it was what I wanted, definitely, but I’d not been prepared to find a cave - the cave - right here, right now. I needed to go back and get the rest of my gear.

I rushed back, barely chancing a look at the sea life and coral that had amazed me moments earlier, and surfaced huffing and out of breath. Youssouf was waiting with his feet dipped off the side of the boat. He smiled when he saw me peeking out the water but that smile quickly vanished as I scrambled aboard. I met his pleasant inquiries with silence. I didn’t want to tell him about the beauty I had just witnessed. I didn’t want him - or anyone - to know about the majesty that lay just below the surface here. It wasn’t just that it was all so unbelievable, I wanted it all to myself.

I collected my equipment for the dive hastily; a guideline, a specialised underwater radio, and another air tank to make a twinset. The extra air would give me about an hour and a half of dive time, accounting for the air spent on my first outing. I could have easily stopped to pick up another fresh tank but a little voice told me to leave it and just go.

I got back in the water as fast as possible and swam back out to the edge. I spun around to gaze upon the view that had greeted me. I took it all in, every last detail. I told myself to think of that image whenever I felt afraid or confused. I held it in mind and made it my own. I told myself I was one of them. I was just a fish - a big one - swimming into a place that was made for me. It felt right. My breathing started to slow and my heart began to settle. I found my mind at peace.

I made my way down to the cave entrance once more, almost expecting it to have vanished, all a part of some bizarre fever dream. However, I spotted the piercing blue glow of the little fish in the veil of darkness and, just as before, the closer I got to it the more it softened and mellowed. There it was, motionless as ever, like it was waiting for my return.

I gazed inside. Surprisingly, the inside was not as dark as I had imagined. There seemed to be faint light beckoning from deeper within. It created an eerie effect which turned my stomach. I felt like a pauper in arm's reach of the king's jewels.

With a kick of my fin, I crossed the threshold to the inner realm of the cave. I tried to look back to my little blue guide but there was nothing to be found, only the blackness of the empty ocean. I returned my gaze forward and knew it was time for the true journey to begin. I pushed onwards.

The mouth led directly into a tunnel with flora sporadically lining either side of the walls. I remember being surprised at how large the space was. What was noteworthy too was the clarity of the water. Although I had my torch, it wasn't really required at that moment. I put this down to the light source down the way, which was now growing steadily bigger and brighter and I made my way through.

That initial tunnel went on for about 100 meters. The flora swishing ever so slightly from side to side gave me a sense of serenity as I drifted slowly past it. It was remarkably clean-looking. There weren’t many loose stones or much dirt. I started to feel foolish for my earlier panic. Despite the tranquillity of the scene, there was a palpable tension in anticipation for what was to come next. The light at the other end grew increasingly brighter as I went towards it.

Suddenly, when it appeared almost as bright as day, I emerged from the opposite end of the tunnel and into what appeared to be the crevice of a river bed. Although it was just barely wider than the tunnel itself, it stretched straight ahead, further than the eye could see. The floor, that had been there so reliably, completely disappeared into nothingness beneath me. I was now hovering, suspended in a giant chasm that seemed to reach down from the surface of the land all the way to the centre of the Earth.

Looking up, I found the source of the light that had guided me thus far. It was none other than the Sun itself, now warming my face with its gentle rays.

I struggled to rationalise that the tunnel must have been slanted upwards. I must have ascended without realising, too taken up in the moment to have even noticed. A simple look back into the cave all but dispelled this idea - the tunnel was as level as a country road. In what was beginning to be a habit, I simply shrugged off the illogical and put it down to being a trick of the light.

I considered for a second seeing how far the chasm stretched forward, but there was no way of telling and I didn't want to waste any precious time and O2. After all, I hadn't come all this way to swim the length of a river. Instead I made a mental note to investigate the river the next day and continued downwards; into the depths below.

What greeted me was a rippling reflection off of very smooth stone that looked like highland hills of black marble, overlapping into the distance. As I got deeper into the chasm and the sun's light faded, the light of my torch became accentuated and shone off the barren rocks with a beautiful sheen.

I felt so very, very small and the weight of my isolation could have felt crushing. Yet, in this cave, I did not feel alone. I felt both comfort and just the slightest sense of unease.

I looked down again, and was surprised to see the bottom of the chasm at last. It was sloped towards me. My eyes followed the path until they fell on the dim reflection of an opening directly below me. It was as though this entire chasm was built like a giant sink, and it seemed like my destination was its drain.

Upon reaching the opening, I found that it was definitely large enough for me to get through - around 3 metres from wall to wall. I had a wave of optimism at this point and the thought started to tantalise my brain.

I signalled Youssouf on radio, 23 minutes had passed. Now at a depth of 25 meters, already the signal was getting spotty. I told him I was going down and he let me know all was well up there. Again, I could detect the worry in his voice. He knew that something had overtaken me but also knew better than to open his mouth about it. I didn’t care. There was only the adventure, nothing else mattered. Going into the tunnel wasn’t the best idea, practically speaking. The logical thing would have been to come back another time, more prepared and with pre-staged air tanks set up. I knew that, but it did not stop me. I was compelled forwards. I took position in front of the opening, and pushed forward into the space.

All at once I was confined, in the dark and truly alone. I found myself marvelling at the space around me like a child with a glimmer in its eye.

The inside of this tunnel was full of the same wave-like rocks that lined the cavern above. Their reflective quality was only more pronounced in the confined solace, which meant my little torch could light up the inside nicely. I caught myself trying to determine what kind of rock this actually was but quickly decided it was a job for geologists. Still though, I had never seen stone quite like this. As I said before, they appeared perfectly smooth, almost hand-carved to perfection. When I stopped to feel one of the many arches, my hand glided along it with ease. It was as though they were from a perfectly sterile pond, without a hint of mould or slime. That, compounded with the lack of flora and the total absence of even the smallest of cavefish, told me that natural life must have had a hard time thriving down there.

The tunnel had a lot of twists and turns. One minute I was angled down, then there was a turn to the right, and next there was a sharp incline which led me back upwards. It went on and on like that. As far as I could tell, there were no offshoots from this path. There were two directions, forward and back.

All the time I was acutely aware of my oxygen reserves. I kept a constant eye on the time to make sure I had enough time to turn back. To be safe, I would need at least an hour to get back. That meant I only had about 30 minutes to explore this winding tunnel.

As I swam onwards and onwards, making too many turns to count, I noticed the walls of the cave starting to get closer and closer. It was a slow process, but it felt very sudden when, upon taking yet another left turn, both of my shoulders scraped against the sides of the tunnels at the same time.

My stomach dropped. I knew that I was rapidly coming to a very difficult decision. If I continued through this tunnel, there was the very real possibility of getting stuck. Not only that, but a routine check of the time told me I was just about approaching the 30-minute mark.

I thought about chancing it. Although I knew I shouldn’t, my mind wanted to pull me forward into the space. There were too many unknowns, though, between my air levels and simply getting stuck. As one-track as my thinking was at that time, even I could see there was no way pushing forward would end well.

For the first time since I had started planning this trip, my logical side won me over. I could clearly see the walls of the tunnel converge sharply ahead of me, and I didn't like that sign. As much as I wanted to take the plunge, I just couldn’t do it without knowing what was behind around the next corner. No, at that time I knew the right decision was to just turn around and head back.

Disappointed, but hopeful for the next day, I began the arduous process of shifting myself backwards. There wasn't nearly enough space to turn my body around, so my only option was to reverse slowly and carefully all the way back down the winding tunnel. With the notion of defeat heavy on my shoulders, I decided to take a look at my dive computer one last time.

25 metres. No change. It was like some sick joke. All of that winding around, and it had gotten me to the point I had started. With a silent sigh, I switched to my second air tank and started shuffling backwards.

I used my fins to carefully feel along the walls. I didn't have a clue where any of the turns were since I had already gone through so many. The task was laborious and frustrated me to no end, but I did my best to keep a cool head.

After not too long, my fins brushed up against the top of the tunnel unexpectedly. It’s confusing, feeling a wall where you don’t expect one. My face an invisible scowl behind my mask, I felt around blindly with my heel. This tunnel was a long, massive cone. It was meant to be getting wider. Although I was confused, I shook the feeling off and continued reversing. It wasn't like I had much of a choice.

My foot hit into the bottom of the tunnel this time, right on the ridge of the arches I had thought were so beautiful. I let out a grunt in pain. I had hit it hard, and it hurt like hell. I started cursing the cave, letting my annoyance seep out of me and into the water.

I hit the top again. Then the bottom, and then the top once more. I was beginning to doubt myself. For a moment, I even wondered if I had somehow got turned around; maybe forwards was back the other way? I stopped moving and tried to get my bearings.

Then the noise started. It was a horrible, crunching sound. It was loud – louder than a jet engine and far more intense. It was like a monstrous machine grinding down on the rock all around me. My head pulsed with anguish, and it made me clutch and squeeze my head as though that would make it stop. Then, I felt the cool touch of the tunnel walls as they started to squeeze in on both my legs. It was collapsing behind me.

I lurched forward immediately, moving as fast as I could in the tight space. It was my worst nightmare, being crushed to death at the bottom of a forgotten cave. I was outright panicking, but I tried to focus on the tunnel ahead. After not very long I could see where I had got to before, right by the sharp corner.

I kicked my fins as hard as I could and shot right into the opening. However, I was knocked back hard. I was too big.

I had a sinking feeling like nothing I could even describe. I thought for sure I was dead, destined to be spaghettified and then squashed to a pulp. But I did have one more mad idea just then.

Acting on only reflex, I hastily unhooked my air tanks. At this point I knew I was dead if I didn’t act. At least I had a chance this way, however slim. With my body smaller and lighter, I pushed forward into the opening, with my arms stretched ahead like a torpedo.

I felt my arms grind on the walls as I hooked my body around the bend before breaking through to the other side. It was tight, but I made it. However, I was still in immediate danger and kept swimming as hard as I could. There was barely enough space to kick my feet in this section, and I could feel the space getting smaller as I went. The space behind me was quickly shrinking and constricting. I focused on keeping my body as contained as possible and powering ahead, with the threat of certain death as my driving force.

Within a couple of seconds, the space behind me became too small to even kick. I had to use my hands to drag myself through by finding purchase on some of the taller rock arches. I was no longer swimming but pulling myself along as fast as my arms would work. At some point, one of my fins got caught in the closing tunnel, so I quickly kicked it off and continued pulling. I left it there as food for the hungry cave.

Just when I thought my arms could not carry me anymore and I thought all hope was lost, my outstretched arm burst through the surface of the water and was met with open air. I scrambled to find some purchase to pull myself out of the tunnel, and, astonishingly and with only seconds to spare, my hand found a solid piece of rock to grab hold of. I pulled as hard as my buckling arms would allow me, burst from the opening and crumpled in a pile on the floor.

Then, I just lay there for a while with my eyes closed and my chest heaving for the oxygen which it was so grateful for. I was attempting to absorb what had just happened. I knew when I opened my eyes again, I would need to face the horror of my position. I just wasn't ready for that yet. So, there I lay. When I did eventually open my eyes again, nothing could have prepared me for what I saw.
Title: I Kept Finding Polaroids of Strangers Asleep on the Same Desk. This Morning the Stranger Was Me.

You know it’s funny working nights.
Any job that makes you do so in solitary can have an effect on your mind if you’re not careful.

I never paid attention to being careful before.

I just put my headphones in and cleaned.
I arrived at the normal time for each building.

I have one of them hoover commercial backpacks you see the new cleaners wear.

I got mine last week.

I look like a professional Ghostbuster now.
If only I knew how apt that was.

There’s this one building on my route that I always get to around 02:40-ish.
It’s a huge big white building in the corner of Jury Street.

Jury Street – I have no idea if it is a coincidence – but the building is at least 200 years old and the building is full of legal correspondence.

It’s linked to the courts where today something as trivial as a petty fraud all the way back to 200 years ago when a murder was a sentencing for the gallows.
I could never tell if this place was giving me the creeps or if I was secretly in awe.

There are things in life even we as a human race have done, though awful – they are still pretty magnificent to look at from afar.

I got there for 02:39; I was on time.

I got my keys out and opened the main doors.
I quickly fixed the security before the alarms went berserk and went to work.

When I had reached the back of the first floor and wiped everything down—I did what I always do.

I went out the fire door to have a sneak glass of whisky and a pre-made rolled-up cigarette.

This was my last haunt before heading home and I liked to take my time.

I didn’t have anyone apart from my tortoise to go back to.

Just me and Esio.

I named him that from a Roald Dahl book I was lent.

That’s when I was learning English.

Lots of books as presents that year.

I preferred the pictures but that story about a tortoise stuck with me and that little guy makes me want to go back home.

Especially now, it was cold tonight; there was nothing special about the sky, everything else was normal.

I liked the quiet.

I was used to the quiet.

It was the cold I could never get used to.

I flicked my cigarette and as it landed, a peculiar thing—flames.

I thought at first it was the whisky I was drinking.

Had I spilt some?

I didn’t need to ask these questions for even a nanosecond before the flames turned into a big triangle.

I ran inside and grabbed a bucket I used for the windows, filled it with water and rushed to throw it over the flames that were still ignited outside.

I wasn’t so much worried but the last thing I needed was to get caught out in my nightly “coffee” breaks.

I locked the back fire door shut and headed to the second floor.
It was dim up here.

I had the option to make it brighter but I hated that electric light they used in the winter days when I’ve walked past before a shift.

The only thing I didn’t like was how this dim light reminded me of when I was a kid in hospital.

I forgot to drink water and started seeing patterns so my mum dragged me to the hospital.

Hospitals at night are the strangest of places.

I remember waking up at midnight—scared, alone and small—wanting my mum.

Forgetting she wasn’t there I turned to my right and instead a little girl was next to me clutching a teddy bear.

I asked her what she was doing.

If she was ok.

She didn’t say anything; but she lifted her pyjama top slightly to reveal a great big surgical cut.

She climbed into my bed—slowly—without taking her eyes off mine and after a while of gazing at each other I drifted off into a long sleep.

When I awoke she was gone.

Back upstairs and in one of the main offices I always get a bit weirded out by one of the desks I clean.

Once a month just after payday there’s a Polaroid picture that turns up. It always depicts someone in bed.

It’s always amused me; I assume that person must be hungover and it’s from a corporate work trip.

Each month they get someone else.
I mean it’s a big company.

I’ve seen women with barely anything on.
I’ve seen men with nothing on and sometimes there’s a person in the background.

The odd thing is the lurker always look serious.

Today when I reached the desk I glanced at the Polaroid very quickly as I always did but instead of humorously getting on with it I done a double take.

The person looked a lot like me.

My chest was giving rapid-fire palpitations because the photo was only just developing.

I could see it was me but my face was smooshed in the pillow and on the desk next to me now Esio came to view.

I could see the bed covers too—the floral decoration picked by my grandmother—but that’s not what freaked me out.

The last thing to develop.

The little girl with the teddy bear and the scar.

She wasn’t looking at me in the bed.

She was looking at me now—so was the bear and just as I held my mouth open she smiled and the little bear waved.

I threw the Polaroid back on the desk like it was too hot to touch and ran out into the hallway looking left and right.

I didn’t understand.

If it was just developing who was in the building with me?

Isn’t that crazy though?

The picture was of me and a girl from 23 years ago.

She would be almost 30 now.

Did she cause that fire? 

I’m due home in 45 minutes!

Do I go home, sneakily stay here, or run as far away as possible? 

I started writing this for help but I think I know what I need to do.
Title: I'm a food delivery driver, and this are my stories.(part 3)

[1]( / [2](

I'm back with an update. Nothing major has happened recently, except that I've become a father. No, not in the way you're thinking. I'm not married; this job pretty much makes marriage impossible for me. I'll explain what happened later.

Let's get back to where I left off with the delivery.

The delivery was scheduled for 4:17 PM. Location: Moonlight Zoo. Please ask for the manager.

The instructions on the pamphlet were surprisingly brief:

1. Arrive after sunset but before midnight.

2. The zoo will appear closed. Please enter through the service gate on the west side. The gate will be unlocked.

3. Proceed directly to the reptile house. Do not stop to observe any enclosures, even if you hear animal sounds.

4. The manager will meet you at the entrance to the reptile house. Hand the items directly to him.

5. The manager may try to engage you in conversation. You may respond politely, but do not accept any offers to tour the zoo.

6. Leave immediately after completing the delivery. Do not look back at the reptile house.

7. Courier S.K.'s note: These are definitely real animals.

When I arrived at the zoo at 7:30 PM, the parking lot was empty. The main gate was locked, but the service gate opened with a gentle push, its rusty hinges silent.

The three raw steaks I was delivering, each in a thermal bag, seemed to be subtly moving, as if still breathing. I tried not to think about it.

The small paths in the zoo were lit by old-fashioned gas lamps, casting a bluish-white light. In the enclosures on either side, I saw figures moving—large ones, small ones, and some that moved in ways unlike any animal I'd ever seen. Something that might have been a bear stood on its hind legs, waving many arms at me. Something in the aviary sang in perfect human language: "Come closer, come closer, we have much to discuss."

I kept my eyes straight ahead and quickened my pace.

The reptile house was a Victorian-era greenhouse, all glass and iron framework. A woman in a zoo keeper's uniform stood at the entrance, the uniform looking like something from the 1920s—khaki shirt, breeches, and tall boots. She was tall and slender, her black hair meticulously pulled back into a bun, and her yellow eyes had vertical pupils.

“You must be the delivery person,” she said. Her voice was hoarse, like a deflating tire. “Excellent. We’ve been waiting for dinner.”

I handed her the bag. “Three steaks, as ordered.”

“Good.” She glanced at the bag, then extended a long, forked tongue and licked the air. “Still warm. Still moving. Perfect.” She looked at me with those reptilian eyes. “Do you want to see what we feed them? Quite a variety.”

“No, I have other deliveries to make.”

“What a shame.” She stepped aside, and through the glass wall of the reptile house, I saw things in the cages that were definitely not reptiles. Or, if they were reptiles, they were from somewhere else, a place with different anatomical and physical rules.

“I should go.”

“Of course.” She took a steak from the bag and held it up. The steak twitched in her hand, and I realized with a jolt of fear that it was growing new tissue, regenerating.

Thankfully, she just grinned, revealing a mouth full of sharp, pointed teeth. “Have a safe trip, delivery man.”

I hurried away, the sounds of feeding following me—wet, tearing sounds, and satisfied groans, perhaps from the zookeeper, or the animals she was feeding, or the meat itself.

As I reached my car, my phone buzzed. “$198.25 deposited into your account.”

After the zoo incident, I chose a normal order. A family dinner order—pizza, breadsticks, and salad—to 4782 Oakwood Avenue. It was a nice neighborhood, well-maintained houses, minivans in the driveways.

The order form was blank. No rules, just the address.

This should have alerted me.

At 6:45 PM, I parked in front of the house. Every window was brightly lit. Through the sheer curtains, I saw a family sitting around a dinner table, parents and two children. A perfect picture of suburban life.

I held the pizza bag in my hand and rang the doorbell.

The father opened the door, beaming. "Oh, wonderful! The children are starving. How much is it?"

"It's already paid for, sir. I just need your signature."

He signed on my phone, John Smith, which should have been another warning sign, and then took the pizza bag. "Would you like to come in? We're about to say grace."

"I really should be going."

"I insist. It's the least we can do. After all, you brought us dinner."

Something in his tone made it sound less like an invitation and more like a plea. I went inside.

The house had a strange smell. Not unpleasant, but artificial, like someone had sprayed air freshener on something rotting. The family sitting around the table looked picture-perfect—too perfect. Their smiles were just right, their postures impeccable. Even their breathing seemed choreographed.

"Levi!" the mother called, "Come and get your pizza!"

A door opened upstairs, and I heard the patter of small feet on the stairs. Then a child appeared, a boy, about eight years old, with brown curly hair and bright green eyes.

Except he was walking on all fours.

He scampered down the stairs like a dog, then stood upright at the bottom, but his posture was all wrong, his spine curved and stiff, not at all like a human spine. He grinned at me, revealing slightly pointed teeth.

"Pizza!" he said. His voice sounded normal, like a child's, with the enthusiasm children have for pizza. "Did you order extra cheese?"

"Levi, mind your manners," the father said. "Speak in your normal voice."

"I am using my normal voice," Levi said, then dropped to all fours again and trotted to the table. He jumped onto a chair and sat down like a dog, his hind legs tucked beneath him.

The mother laughed, her laughter like wind chimes. “He’s still learning. Kids, you know.”

I didn’t know what to say. The little booklet was blank. There were no rules here.

Levi opened the pizza box with his teeth, his hands, which looked remarkably human, apparently just for show, and pulled out a slice. He devoured it messily but happily, like a child should eat pizza.

Then he looked at me, tilting his head like a curious puppy. “Are you the delivery guy? The one who goes to those strange places?”

“I… yes.”

“Cool.” He jumped down from the chair, landing on all fours and crawling towards me. “My family are all humans, like you. I miss them sometimes.”

The parents exchanged a glance. The other two children, I now realized, hadn’t moved or said a word, still wearing their perfect smiles.

“Levy, don’t bother this kind deliveryman,” the father said.

“I’m not bothering him.” Levi squatted in front of me, looking up with his unnaturally bright green eyes. “I’m not bothering you, am I?”

“No, I don’t feel bothered.”

“Good.” He stood up, walking on two legs, which seemed to be a struggle, as if walking on two legs wasn’t natural for him. “I want to ask you something. Can you adopt me?”

The room fell silent.

“Levi…” the mother began.

“I don’t belong here,” Levi’s voice suddenly became old and sad. “They’re not my parents. They’re nice, but they’re not right. They don’t have skin under their faces. They don’t eat, they just push the food around on their plates. I’m different from them. I’m something else. Something in between.”

He took my hand with his small, very human-like hand. “You provide a service for beings like me. Beings that aren’t quite human, and not quite something else. You’re also in between. I can smell it on you—gardens, hospitals, castles. You’ve walked in both worlds. So maybe you can… maybe I can…”

“Do you want to come with me?” I finished, trembling. He nodded frantically. “Please. I’ll be good. I’ll follow the rules. I can help with deliveries. I’m very good at sniffing out things people don’t want found. Please.”

The mother, father, and son stood up in unison. Their voices, when they spoke, were jarringly harmonious: “The child has made his request. This is his right, and your obligation. Do you accept?”

I looked down at Levi, this strange boy, eating pizza, walking on all fours, desperately trying to escape this place. The manual was blank, because there were no rules for this situation. I was on my own.

“I need to make a call,” I said.

I went outside and dialed the emergency contact number Marcus had given me, the one for situations not covered in the manual.

A woman’s voice answered, cold and professional. “Support. What’s the problem?”

“I’m on a delivery. 4782 Oakwood Avenue. The customer…is a child. He wants me to adopt him.”

There was a moment of silence on the other end. Then: “Please hold.”

Background music came on. I heard a scream in the background, or maybe it was just static.

Marcus picked up the phone. “Eric, what exactly did the kid say?”

“He said he wants me to adopt him. He said these aren’t his real parents. He’s somewhere in between.”

“What about the child’s parents?Did them say anything?”

“They asked me if I would adopt him. They said it’s his right, and my obligation.”

Another silence. I could hear Marcus’s slow, steady breathing. “This is unusual, but not unprecedented. What does your gut tell you?”

I looked back at the house. Through the window, I saw Levi sitting on the floor, looking at me with his bright eyes, his tail,when did he grow a tail?wagging hopefully.

“My gut tells me he’s telling the truth. And that he needs help.”

“Then trust your gut. In this business, instinct is sometimes more important than the rules.” Marcus paused. “If you accept, he’ll be under your care. The company will provide accommodation, and we have facilities specifically for handling special circumstances. But you’ll need to take him out on weekends, help him socialize, and teach him how to blend in as a human when necessary. You can think of it as being a foster parent, except this child is a shapeshifter who might accidentally eat you if he gets too excited. But I advise you to accept.”

“That’s insane.”

“That’s the job,” Marcus’s smile came through the phone. “So, what are you going to do?”

He didn’t really give me a choice.

“I accept.”

“Good. Bring him to the warehouse after the delivery. We’ll get a room ready for him.” He hung up.

I went back inside. Levi was already standing at the door, bouncing with excitement.

“Really? You said yes?”

“I said yes.”

He threw his arms around me—they were definitely arms now—hugging my waist so tightly I could barely breathe. “Thank you, thank you, thank you. I’ll be good. I promise. You won’t regret it.”

The child’s parents were back at their seats at the dinner table. I watched as their expressions shifted, their features rearranging themselves into different shapes, like someone shuffling a deck of cards.

“The child is yours now,” they said in unison. “The contract is fulfilled, the debt is settled.”

“What contract?”

But they had already turned away, continuing their charade of a “family dinner,” the other two children still maintaining their perfect smiles.

Levi grabbed my hand—it was definitely a hand now, warm and human—and pulled me towards the door. “Let’s go! Can we get ice cream? Do you have any other pets? Are there other people like me where we’re going?”

“Slow down,” I said, but a smile involuntarily spread across my face. “One question at a time.”

As we walked towards my car, he chattered incessantly, sometimes walking on two legs, sometimes on four, his posture shifting with his level of excitement. The other people on the street didn’t seem to notice anything unusual. Maybe they only saw an ordinary boy. Maybe only people like me, those who have crossed too many boundaries, could perceive this strangeness. After we got in the car, Biscuit, who had been sleeping in the back seat, sat up. He and Levi stared at each other for a long time.

Then, Levi's tail reappeared, wagging wildly, and Biscuit's tail started wagging too.

“A dog! You have a dog! I love dogs! Well, sometimes I feel like a dog myself, but I like other dogs too!”

“His name is Biscuit.”

“Biscuit,” Levi repeated respectfully, “That’s a nice name. Can I pet him?”

“Yes.”

On the way to the warehouse, Levi petted Biscuit and talked to him about the terrible fake family, pizza, and his new life. That's when I glanced at the pocket watch on the passenger seat. The picture had changed again.

In the picture, Biscuit, Levi, and I were sitting in a room I didn't recognize at all. We all looked happy. But in the doorway behind us, hidden in the shadows, was that tall figure again. He was watching us. Always watching.

My phone buzzed. “$87.50 deposited into your account. Note: A weekly $200 guardian allowance will be used to care for the dependent. Welcome to foster care, E, don’t mess it up.”

That last sentence was definitely Marcus’s style of humor.

The warehouse had some areas I had never been allowed into before. Marcus led us through a series of doors, each marked with symbols that were unsettling to look at, until we came to a corridor that seemed longer than the building's exterior dimensions.

“Room 13,” Marcus said, opening a door. “Fitting, isn’t it?”

The room next door was much larger than it should have been, practically a complete apartment with a bedroom, bathroom, kitchenette, and living room. The walls were padded, looking like wallpaper. The view outside the window was definitely not the industrial area where the warehouse was located; instead, there were mountains, forests, and a night sky with three moons.

“The padding is because he might have episodes,” Marcus explained. “Shapeshifters his age sometimes lose control when they get emotional. This scenery is meant to make him feel less trapped. He can't actually enter the human world; it's just a projection of his. But it does help.”

Levi had already started exploring, running around the room, occasionally dropping to all fours in his excitement, his form shifting between that of a boy and something more canine.

“What exactly is he?” I asked.

“A changeling, half Shapeshifters nby the old definition. A human child taken by a non-human creature, raised between the two worlds until he is neither human nor that thing… but the family you met, they're collectors. They take or buy special children like him and treat them as… curiosities, pets, status symbols.” Marcus's face darkened."Calm down. You were right to take him away. Otherwise, he would stay there forever, slowly forgetting what it feels like to be human."

"How old is he?"

"It's hard to say. Time flows differently for his family. He could be eight, or he could be eighty. His body will age, but very slowly, incredibly slowly." Marcus handed me a key. "This place is yours now too. You can visit him anytime. But you need to take him out on weekends, let him socialize, and teach him how to maintain his human form for extended periods. And, whatever you do, don't let him near a casino."

"Why?"

"Shapeshifters are banned from all casinos in this city and he is under 18. It's a long story. It involves three poker games, an ace, and an angry mob boss who still doesn't know he lost to a ten-year-old kid who could see through the cards." Marcus chuckled. "That was actually your father. He agreed to stay, and I wanted to assign him a very important task as a test, but he said he had children at home, so I gave him a regular job. Maybe he was bored, or maybe he was greedy, but he worked with a shapeshifter named Thomas for a while, and they did quite well. Until Thomas got too greedy and revealed his true form when he shouldn't have. I haven't seen him since."

My heart sank. "My father worked with a shapeshifter?"

"That's right. This is the debt he owed, and it's the debt you inherited because he's no longer in the system. Thomas belonged to a family, and shapeshifters value family ties. After he disappeared, his family members came looking for him. Your father owed them a life for a life. He tried other solutions, but since he couldn't repay..." Marcus looked at me meaningfully, and there was definitely a large part he wasn't telling me. I could imagine they wouldn't accept the eldest son as collateral. “My initial thought was to fire him. Well, he said he had a son, and his son couldn't be without a father. So, sigh... And then he said he wanted to ask me for one last gamble. I haven't encountered such a fun situation in hundreds of years. Most people facing death wouldn't put 20 years of their life on the table for another round.”

I should have stopped there, but the situation made it hard for me to stop, so I asked him what exactly he was playing.

“Ars Secreta Triplicis, I don't want to explain the specific rules to you. It's a combination of dice and cards; I played it with some leaders at a company retreat. The stakes weren't cash, definitely not. In 700 years, I've never seen a tie. At the time, we gambled 20 years of life, 5 million, and a shapeshifter's tail, which is very useful for navigation. The result was that we played for about a night, and it was a tie three times. I've never seen so many ties in 700 years. So we...”

“My father chose the 5 million, not the 20 years of life,” I concluded, stating the obvious.

“Yes, I chose the shapeshifter's tail. Very useful. Then I told him to take the 5 million and get lost, never to come back. Because I knew the debt wasn't settled yet, it's just that the shapeshifter couldn't take his life...” He didn't elaborate further.

“Okay, so now you've adopted half a shapeshifter. So I guess you don't have to worry about them abandoning unwanted children on your doorstep someday?”

“Are you saying this is destiny?”

“I mean, the universe has its own sense of irony.” He turned to leave, then stopped. “One more thing. Levi will consider you his own. That's how shapeshifters are; they will completely and absolutely bond with a person. You will become his support, his leader, his family. Don't underestimate this trust. If you betray this trust...”

“What?”

“Shapeshifters remember everything. And they live for a very, very long time to plan their revenge.” He gave that Cheshire Cat grin.

Marcus left, and I stood at the door, watching Levi explore his new home. He found a pile of plush toys in the bedroom and was arranging them in a circle, talking to each toy in a different voice. “Hey, Levi?”

He looked up, his eyes sparkling. “Hmm?”

“We’ll be okay. You and me. I promise.”

But I wasn’t really sure we would be okay. Because as I said those words, he smile in a real sharp teeth.

This might be really short this time. Because if you’ve ever taken care of a seven-year-old shapeshifting child, you’d know they’re about twice as difficult to handle as a normal child, especially when you’re surrounded by anywhere from one to thirty ice cream cones while trying to eat ice cream. But I’ll try to make it longer next time.
